
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3629641000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105722                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220446                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              383216409                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003630                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3629641000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130178                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191787                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52579                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1432427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3629630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3629630                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616459                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 567534                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        567534                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               988378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              539971                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3323952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1370578     65.64%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51745      2.48%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30648      1.47%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37779      1.81%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109561      5.25%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29214      1.40%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14558      0.70%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80725      3.87%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87347      4.18%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48018      2.30%     94.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104434      5.00%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2087975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          176                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          912                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1088                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3112                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    187183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    187183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         4200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.555911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60651.075269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60148.778920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.555911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60651.075269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60148.778920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              191                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    180959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    180959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57402.555911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.075269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58148.778920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57402.555911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.075269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58148.778920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1044                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.555911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60651.075269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60148.778920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.876751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.670996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57402.555911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58651.075269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58148.778920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1776.396614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.460728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    61.027889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   611.430741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1103.937984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.149275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.269516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.433691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.530762                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             9099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            9099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63407.730673                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63407.730673                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63407.730673                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63407.730673                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61407.730673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61407.730673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61407.730673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61407.730673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63407.730673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63407.730673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61407.730673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61407.730673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.773673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.717569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.773673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1434031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1434031                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       211392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       211392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  211392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16609250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22076012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32796632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54872644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22076012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22076012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3367826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3367826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3367826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22076012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32796632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58240471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       191.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1853.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001249286500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             9                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             9                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7330                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 151                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         191                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       191                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25289000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 83507750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8144.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26894.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2128                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      135                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   191                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.542914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.285595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    244.287953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           393     39.22%     39.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          373     37.23%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           90      8.98%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           45      4.49%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      1.90%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.90%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      1.40%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.00%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           49      4.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      292.111111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      96.106861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     574.459408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               5     55.56%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1     11.11%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              9                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.777778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.765969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     11.11%     11.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     88.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              9                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  198720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    10240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   199168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3624445000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1097319.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       118592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        10240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22076012.476165000349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32673203.768637176603                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2821215.651906070299                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1860                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          191                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32652000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     50855750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  25651978500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26079.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27341.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 134303552.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3962700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2106225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9917460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              386280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         960984090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         584532480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1848311475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.227076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1510371750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    121160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1998109250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3191580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1696365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12252240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              448920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         378651570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1074917760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1757580675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.229894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2790717500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    121160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    717763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    182140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44092.893524                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44092.893524                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44123.062016                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44123.062016                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42093.378608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42093.378608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42123.546512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42123.546512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27466.128030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27466.128030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25466.128030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25466.128030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54734.287987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54734.287987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52735.083532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52735.083532                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.875236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.902867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.875236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248464                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    235559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    235559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63327.731092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52335.737468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56072.125684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63327.731092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52335.737468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56072.125684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61327.731092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50336.458709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54072.601761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61327.731092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50336.458709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54072.601761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4875                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63327.731092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52335.737468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56072.125684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61327.731092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50336.458709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54072.601761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.222674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.212577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.670065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.340032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.260181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3629641000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7074335000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117431                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230628                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415078013                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007074                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7074335000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371792                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7074324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7074324                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1690977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2850934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2850934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5393315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2413572                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458210                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2458996     62.56%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   109920      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81865      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3930708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1291                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1471                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3822                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    233769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    233769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62028.437865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61164.050235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62028.437865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61164.050235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60028.437865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59164.050235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60028.437865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59164.050235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1167                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    233769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62028.437865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61164.050235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.665371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60028.437865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59164.050235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2128.474502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.430163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.529185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   585.658735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1465.286581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.357736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.519647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.675293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.831591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.831591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2904689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2904689                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       257088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       257088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  257088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20459750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          164288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              244608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11353717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23223102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34576819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11353717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11353717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1764123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1764123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1764123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11353717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23223102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              36340942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       195.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2560.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010069752500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9638                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 168                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       27.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34832000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106363250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9130.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27880.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      148                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.576642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.417594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    207.737547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           688     45.65%     45.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          580     38.49%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      6.10%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           46      3.05%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      1.26%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.60%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.93%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.66%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           49      3.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      367.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     122.043621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     592.007892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               5     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.800000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.789234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.632456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     10.00%     10.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     90.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  244160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    11392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   244608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7064947000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1758762.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       163840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        11392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11353717.345870671794                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23159774.028230216354                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1610328.037900382187                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          195                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32722000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     73641250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 116161520500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26073.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28687.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 595700105.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6533100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3472425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13516020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              386280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      558093120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1793389290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1206322080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3581712315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.296679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3118680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    236080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3719574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4226880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2246640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13723080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              542880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      558093120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         656472990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2163725280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3399030870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.473553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5618209750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    236080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1220045250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    261215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    261560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42633.425820                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42633.425820                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42654.924984                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42654.924984                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40633.752244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40633.752244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40655.251142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40655.251142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24783.001808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24783.001808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22783.001808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22783.001808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206395000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    206395000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52719.029374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52719.029374                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198567000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198567000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50719.540230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50719.540230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.831414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  413992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.466723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.831414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464310                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    294934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    294934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52927.442343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55710.993578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52927.442343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55710.993578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    284348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    284348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50927.960612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53711.371364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50927.960612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53711.371364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52927.442343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55710.993578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50927.960612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53711.371364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.957387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.215111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.257004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.485273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7074335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10517298000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124790                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239939                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              437021610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010517                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10517298000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354910                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10517287                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10517287                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2218893                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4053881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4053881                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7462267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3278988                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3546738     61.42%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132384      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115572      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5774379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1523                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1703                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4524                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    278346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    278346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.447843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.525199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.447843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.525199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          229                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              229                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60344.447843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.525199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60344.447843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.525199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1431                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59396.015936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62344.447843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.525199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.874564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.682179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57396.015936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60344.447843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.525199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2413.229682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.472397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.774315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   514.764993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1815.690374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.020209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.125675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.443284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.589167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.782227                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            14714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           14714                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63317.194289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63317.194289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61317.194289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61317.194289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.541446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.541446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4375990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4375990                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5669000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          209216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              289536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        14656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            14656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7636942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19892562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27529504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7636942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7636942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1393514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1393514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1393514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7636942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19892562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28923018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3262.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017478328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            12                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11960                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 202                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         229                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       229                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      42806250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                127500000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9476.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28226.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      177                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   229                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.194357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.546661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    187.668736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           790     41.27%     41.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          882     46.08%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           92      4.81%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      2.46%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      1.04%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.47%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.73%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.52%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      2.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      375.083333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     134.029260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     556.395781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               6     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             1      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      8.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      8.33%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      8.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.833333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.824190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.577350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      8.33%      8.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     91.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             12                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  289088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   289536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 14656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10507924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2210798.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       208768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7636942.492263698019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19849965.266744367778                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1302235.612226638477                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1255                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3269                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          229                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32722000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     94778000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252769591500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26073.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28992.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1103797342.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6533100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3472425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13516020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              386280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      829764000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1843021470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2486624640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5183317935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.837413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6446723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    351000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3719574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7132860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3791205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18735360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              730800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      829764000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1369595430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2885299200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5115048855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.346289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7486036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    351000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2680262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    337568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    337913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41731.734454                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41731.734454                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41748.579194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41748.579194                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    321392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39731.981704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39731.981704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39748.826291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39748.826291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     63908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23188.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23188.679245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21188.679245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21188.679245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    273660000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51314.457154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51314.457154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262996000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262996000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49314.832177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49314.832177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.196050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.252265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.196050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    350249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    350249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54154.391821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56237.797046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54154.391821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56237.797046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    337795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    337795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52154.809097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54238.118176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52154.809097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54238.118176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63196.515679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54154.391821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56237.797046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    337795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61196.515679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52154.809097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54238.118176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.935509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.496477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.514329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.924702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10517298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13960224000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 140079                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   266604                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488803095                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000620                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013960                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13960224000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5842986                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13960213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13960213                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2746550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       339908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5255031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5255031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9528243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4143379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4633843     60.86%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154907      2.03%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149356      1.96%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7614263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          182                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1734                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1916                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    329177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    329177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59395.385839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62427.520235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61712.973378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59395.385839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62427.520235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61712.973378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          523                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              523                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    318509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    318509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57395.385839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60427.520235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59712.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57395.385839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60427.520235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59712.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1954                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     74660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    329177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59395.385839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62427.520235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61712.973378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.735724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57395.385839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60427.520235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59712.973378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2662.957269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.725179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.119316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   450.933465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2130.904487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.019805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.110091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.520240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.650136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.879639                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63278.018576                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63278.018576                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63278.018576                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63278.018576                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61278.018576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61278.018576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61278.018576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61278.018576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63278.018576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63278.018576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61278.018576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61278.018576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.901160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                149.672794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.901160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5844601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5844601                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       374848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       374848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  374848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7949000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28617750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          260928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              341376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        33472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            33472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           523                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 523                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5762658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18690818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24453476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5762658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5762658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2397669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2397669                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2397669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5762658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18690818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26851145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       434.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1257.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4038.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017478328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14694                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 389                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         523                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       523                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     89                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52316000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                151597250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9880.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28630.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2902                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   523                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     148.690554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.878819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.144631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1100     44.79%     44.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1090     44.38%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          100      4.07%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      1.95%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      0.90%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.45%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.65%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.41%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           59      2.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      229.086957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      83.080354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     426.901938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              14     60.87%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             3     13.04%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      4.35%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.913043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.908058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.417029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      4.35%      4.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     95.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  338880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    26368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   341376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 33472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      24.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13955636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2382727.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       258432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        26368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5762658.249609747902                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18512023.875834655017                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1888794.907588875387                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1257                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4077                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          523                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32773250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118824000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 334348904000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26072.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29144.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 639290447.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9560460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5077710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17657220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1158840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1101434880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2781507660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3018404160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6934800930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.754273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7819854500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5674449500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7982520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4242810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20149080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              991800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1101434880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1612025550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4003231200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6750057840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.520740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10389675250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3104628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    420126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    420471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41828.554361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41828.554361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41842.073838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41842.073838                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    400040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    400375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39828.753485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39828.753485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39842.272863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39842.272863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23617.047184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23617.047184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21617.047184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21617.047184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342544000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342544000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50679.686344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50679.686344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329028000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329028000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48679.982246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48679.982246                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.887571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.419833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.887571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895630                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    412759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    412759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63136.205698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55386.441844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56924.424217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63136.205698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55386.441844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56924.424217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61136.205698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53386.785960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54924.700041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61136.205698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53386.785960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54924.700041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     90853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63136.205698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55386.441844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56924.424217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61136.205698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53386.785960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54924.700041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.937910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.835755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.145207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   433.956948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.847572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13960224000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17412560000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 142359                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   269212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              495522795                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017413                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17412560000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      912086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7315960                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17412549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17412549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2504129                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418756                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3982018                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3982018                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6958999                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3819690                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6460166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6460166                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11601202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5010585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      912080                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099892                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187812                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5723758     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369419      3.91%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210278      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262309      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784509      8.29%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208885      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104282      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577847      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177516      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183251      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734564      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9460122                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1944                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6130                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    379742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    379742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62604.603370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61948.123980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62604.603370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61948.123980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          978                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              978                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    367482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    367482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60604.603370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59948.123980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60604.603370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59948.123980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2681                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62604.603370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61948.123980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    367482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.714537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60604.603370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59948.123980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2872.183510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.010444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.647118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   387.285621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2407.250771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.587708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.701217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930176                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.119024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.119024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7317590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7317590                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          311424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              392320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        62592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            62592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4645842                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17885021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22530863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4645842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4645842                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3594647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3594647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3594647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4645842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17885021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26125509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       769.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1264.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017478328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17561                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 711                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6130                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         978                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6130                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       978                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62314000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                175901500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10286.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29036.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3158                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      636                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6130                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   978                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     144.482599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.263952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.078503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1396     46.27%     46.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1330     44.08%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          104      3.45%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           50      1.66%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      0.76%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.36%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.56%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.40%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           74      2.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      144.190476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      56.770004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     327.258996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              31     73.81%     73.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      9.52%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      4.76%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.38%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      2.38%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.928571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.922383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.462910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2      4.76%      4.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                39     92.86%     97.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      2.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  387712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    48192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   392320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 62592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17403236000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2448401.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       306816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        48192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4645841.852088377811                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17620384.366227596998                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2767657.369163408410                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4866                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          978                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32987000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    142914500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 418104999250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26097.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29370.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 427510224.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12123720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6443910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20963040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2281140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1374335040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3530985270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3712961760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8660093880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.347540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9618044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    581360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7213155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9417660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5005605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22291080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1649520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1374335040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1958216760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5037398400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8408314065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.887873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13074119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    581360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3757080500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    501066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    501411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41986.425339                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41986.425339                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41997.738504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41997.738504                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39986.592928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39986.592928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39997.906022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39997.906022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11682                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23654.262338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23654.262338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21654.262338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21654.262338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    411440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    411440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50514.426028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50514.426028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    395152000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48514.671578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48514.671578                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.306396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.724790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.306396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111766                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    474914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    474914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56295.991778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57460.859044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56295.991778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57460.859044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54296.285421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55461.101028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54296.285421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55461.101028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10631                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383432000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    474914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56295.991778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57460.859044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54296.285421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55461.101028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.545021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.926724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.553751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.167021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.824249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32780                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17412560000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20846618000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 144194                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   271515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500978709                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020847                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20846618000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091762                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8783068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20846607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20846607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3802292                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974525                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448923                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638182                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128659                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7659524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7659524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13663934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5873455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313178                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221422                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6808642     60.26%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448791      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255078      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318309      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952981      8.43%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253687      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126678      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702011      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   199916      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216861      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891840      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11298298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2329                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6867                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    426104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350996000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    426104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62644.297698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62050.968400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62644.297698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62050.968400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1413                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1413                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60644.297698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60050.968400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60644.297698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60050.968400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3223                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350996000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    426104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         9196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59420.886076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62644.297698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62050.968400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.869326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.723715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57420.886076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60644.297698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60050.968400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3034.527622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.098045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.574730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   329.084906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2633.867985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.080343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.643034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.740851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23506                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63138.650307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63138.650307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61138.650307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61138.650307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.264147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.264147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8784698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8784698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       529920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       529920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  529920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13932000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36886250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           80896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          358592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              439488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        90432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            90432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1413                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3880534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17201447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21081981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3880534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3880534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4337970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4337970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4337970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3880534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17201447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25419951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1264.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017478328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            64                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            64                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20350                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1087                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6867                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1413                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1413                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70251500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                197657750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10338.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29088.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3492                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      985                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6867                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1413                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     146.644361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.344845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    179.629224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1492     43.03%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1654     47.71%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      3.14%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      1.47%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      0.72%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.35%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.52%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.35%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      2.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.850879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     270.359255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              53     82.81%     82.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      6.25%     89.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      3.12%     92.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.56%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.56%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      1.56%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      1.56%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      1.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             64                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           64                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.953125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.949026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.375000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2      3.12%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                61     95.31%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             64                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  434880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    73536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   439488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 90432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20837244000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2516575.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        80896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       353984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        73536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3880533.523471288849                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16980404.207531407475                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3527478.653851670213                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1264                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5603                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1413                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32987000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    164670750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 472601662000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26097.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29389.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 334466852.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12138000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6451500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20963040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2317680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1645391280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3583392210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4987508160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10258161870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.077989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12931083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    696020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7219514250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12616380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6705765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27553260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3680100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1645391280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2679440610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5748730560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10124117955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.647982                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14914823500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    696020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5235774500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    578150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41801.026679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41801.026679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41810.855739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41810.855739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39801.171282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39801.171282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39811.000289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39811.000289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23269.789984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23269.789984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21269.789984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21269.789984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50255.001053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50255.001053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458328000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458328000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48255.211623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48255.211623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.585383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.976876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.585383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1326939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1326939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    531918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    531918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56881.828749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57836.033489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56881.828749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57836.033489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    513526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54882.087046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55836.250951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54882.087046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55836.250951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    531918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62917.469051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56881.828749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57836.033489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60917.469051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54882.087046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55836.250951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.949429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.984584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.064972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.035958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.848498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.888376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1488320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1592640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20846618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24291275000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 144996                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   272188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              503157308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024291                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24291275000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271659                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24291275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24291275                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4330684                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446460                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5687183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5687183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9940906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15732646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6739003                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271653                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255247                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18801      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897220     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527928      4.02%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299980      2.28%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374433      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121529      8.53%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298602      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149098      1.13%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             825987      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222461      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250685      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049192      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140664                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          192                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2480                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2672                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    472581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    472581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59425.414365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62921.919544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62337.554412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59425.414365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62921.919544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62337.554412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2069                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2069                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    384661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    457419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    384661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    457419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57425.414365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60921.919544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60337.554412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57425.414365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60921.919544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60337.554412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3889                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    472581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59425.414365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62921.919544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62337.554412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    384661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    457419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.717990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.739393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57425.414365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60921.919544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60337.554412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3184.317216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.302192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.667887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   283.717718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2836.931612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.692610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.777421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2036                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63112.538226                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63112.538226                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63112.538226                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63112.538226                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61112.538226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61112.538226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61112.538226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61112.538226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1380                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63112.538226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63112.538226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61112.538226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61112.538226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.368496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6271.357798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.368496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255305                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7581                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       617600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       617600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  617600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17926000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           81088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          404096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              485184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        81088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          81088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       132416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           132416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3338153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16635438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19973591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3338153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3338153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5451175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5451175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5451175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3338153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16635438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25424767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1831.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1267.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6242.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.017478328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           101                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           101                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23315                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1717                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7581                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2069                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7581                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      79469250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                220263000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10583.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29333.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3688                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1563                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7581                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     146.571007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.801199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    185.843951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1826     44.86%     44.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1882     46.24%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          112      2.75%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           52      1.28%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           26      0.64%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.34%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.47%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.34%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          125      3.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.316832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.645070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     218.983969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              89     88.12%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             4      3.96%     92.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      1.98%     94.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.99%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.99%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.99%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.99%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.99%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.99%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.950495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.946742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.357106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3      2.97%      2.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                97     96.04%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  480576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   116032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   485184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                132416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24286490000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2516734.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        81088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       399488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       116032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3338153.308132240549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16445740.291524425149                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4776694.512741714716                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1267                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6314                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2069                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     33070750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    187192250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 580515787000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26101.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29647.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 280577954.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15807960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8398335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25518360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5293080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1917062160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4601219550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5453138400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12026437845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.092902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14130789000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    810940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9349546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13258980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7047315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28095900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4170780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1917062160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2856697500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6922209600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11748542235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.652762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17963628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    810940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5516706250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    658025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    658370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    658370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41432.124418                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41432.124418                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41440.800655                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41440.800655                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39432.124418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39432.124418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39440.800655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39440.800655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22610.434430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22610.434430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    101527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20610.434430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20610.434430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    546646000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49894.669587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49894.669587                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47894.669587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47894.669587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       345000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        69000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.785985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.104551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.785985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542700                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    590708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    590708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.585150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62868.403016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56741.300887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57613.186384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62868.403016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56741.300887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57613.186384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.403016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54741.300887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55613.186384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.403016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54741.300887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55613.186384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    590708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62868.403016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56741.300887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57613.186384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     88807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60868.403016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54741.300887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55613.186384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.240213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.049271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.482775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.891984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.865454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1713408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1818048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24291275000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
