
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5461042000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62716                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   113168                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342488045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005461                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5461042000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5461031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5461031                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20885                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4459                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25344                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693568000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1073083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693568000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1073083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63391.646102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63241.959673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.625900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63391.646102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63241.959673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.625900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4001                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4001                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.646102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61241.959673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61338.625900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.646102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61241.959673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61338.625900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16888                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1073083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63391.646102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63241.959673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63338.625900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    671686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.343776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.646102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61241.959673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61338.625900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1833.173094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              41865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.478979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   152.599926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   664.850827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1015.722341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.074512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.324634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.495958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.895104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68786                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1429288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1429288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.357599                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34092.357599                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.357599                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34092.357599                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32092.405305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32092.405305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32092.405305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32092.405305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1429288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1429288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34092.357599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34092.357599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1345442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1345442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32092.405305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32092.405305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.263251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.263251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1340352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1340352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1340352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            36947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          700224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          384064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1084288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       700224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         700224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       256064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           256064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          128221684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70327970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              198549654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     128221684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         128221684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46889220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46889220                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46889220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         128221684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70327970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             245438874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3823.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10941.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5782.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000889864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38712                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3584                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4001                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4001                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     196182250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    83615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                509738500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11731.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30481.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9922                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2716                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4001                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.632314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.079938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.539371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3724     47.26%     47.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2642     33.53%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          758      9.62%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          326      4.14%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          162      2.06%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           72      0.91%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.49%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      0.46%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          120      1.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       74.798206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      57.166844                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     113.519295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             127     56.95%     56.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            84     37.67%     94.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      1.35%     95.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.79%     97.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.90%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.45%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.031390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.002050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.001756                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               105     47.09%     47.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      4.04%     51.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               106     47.53%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1070272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   243072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1084288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                256064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        195.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     198.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5459605000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      260688.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       700224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       370048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       243072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 128221683.700656384230                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67761427.214806258678                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44510186.883748561144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10941                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6001                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4001                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    328369750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    181368750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 128007231250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30012.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30223.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  31993809.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              30180780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16037670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60461520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10111140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      430862640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2131793160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         301846080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2981292990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         545.920172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    763303500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    182260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4515478500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26103840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13863135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             58940700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9714420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      430862640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1872784590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         519958560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2932227885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         536.935604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1333424250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    182260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3945357750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    639901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    660061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    660061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38970.828258                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38970.828258                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39519.877859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39519.877859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    607061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36970.828258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36970.828258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37519.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37519.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    345587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31314.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31314.516129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29314.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29314.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    294314000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54664.561664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54664.561664                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52664.561664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52664.561664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20160000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20160000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71489.361702                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71489.361702                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19596000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19596000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69489.361702                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69489.361702                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.044627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.044627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1085424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1588917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1085424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1588917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34103.874069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48135.086042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37574.597394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34103.874069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48135.086042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37574.597394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32103.936909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46135.086042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35574.644690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32103.936909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46135.086042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35574.644690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1085424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1588917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34103.874069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48135.086042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37574.597394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504345000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32103.936909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46135.086042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35574.644690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.089184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.571349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.976739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   178.541096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.186663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.455033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.348713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5461042000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11606711000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  74111                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34291136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   135541                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430088609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011607                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11606711000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11606700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11606700                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           51844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40820                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11024                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          51844                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         40537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        40537                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1782862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2577893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1782862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2577893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63172.773014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64557.937475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63593.581173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63172.773014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64557.937475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63593.581173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8732                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        40537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        40537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1726418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1726418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61172.773014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62557.937475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61593.581173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61172.773014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62557.937475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61593.581173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 43798                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          51844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        40537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1782862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795031000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2577893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63172.773014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64557.937475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63593.581173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1726418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.408766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.527658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61172.773014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62557.937475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61593.581173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1946.240916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            43798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.242751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   152.375355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   967.395966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   826.469595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.074402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.472361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.403550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           154115                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          154115                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3336717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3336717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3336717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3336717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37618.428618                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37618.428618                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37618.428618                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37618.428618                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3159319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3159319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35618.428618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35618.428618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35618.428618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35618.428618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3336717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3336717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37618.428618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37618.428618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3159319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35618.428618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35618.428618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.771325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.771325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        89806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        89806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  89806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3153216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3153216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3153216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          218265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1806208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          788160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2594368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1806208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1806208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       558848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           558848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            28222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          155617556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67905542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              223523098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     155617556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         155617556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48148696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48148696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48148696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         155617556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67905542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             271671794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8075.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     28222.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11705.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000889864500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           472                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           472                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                91288                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7588                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40537                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     482003750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1230635000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12072.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30822.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23191                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5645                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40537                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.399728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.478835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    160.777873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9230     48.24%     48.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6289     32.87%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1896      9.91%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          770      4.02%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          407      2.13%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          184      0.96%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      0.53%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.38%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          183      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       84.468220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.649318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      83.646658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             187     39.62%     39.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           233     49.36%     88.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           36      7.63%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      2.12%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.055085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.025773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               218     46.19%     46.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      3.18%     49.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               234     49.58%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2555328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    39040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   515200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2594368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                558848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        220.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     223.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11606587000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      235575.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1806208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       749120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       515200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 155617556.084578990936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64541970.589256502688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44388113.049424596131                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        28222                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12315                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8732                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    840939250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    389695750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 277843923250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29797.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31643.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  31819047.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              74734380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              39714675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            144199440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25327440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      915813600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4562954880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         614488800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6377233215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         549.443612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1553866750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    387400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9665444250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              61932360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              32895060                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            140879340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            16693560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      915813600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4265426850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         865038720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6298679490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.675655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2208700750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    387400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9010610250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1406450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1432277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1432277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37656.965381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37656.965381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37820.887246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37820.887246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1331752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1331752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35656.965381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35656.965381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35820.940058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35820.940058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    938113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    938113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34320.370235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34320.370235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    883445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    883445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32320.370235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32320.370235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468337000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468337000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46763.554668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46763.554668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44763.554668                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44763.554668                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25827000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     25827000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49571.976967                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49571.976967                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24787000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24787000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47575.815739                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47575.815739                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.079983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.079983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2623964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3697772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2623964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3697772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38005.330089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46007.197943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40026.974952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38005.330089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46007.197943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40026.974952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2485880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2485880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36005.330089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44007.283633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38026.996601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36005.330089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44007.283633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38026.996601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2623964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3697772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38005.330089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46007.197943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40026.974952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2485880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3513010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36005.330089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44007.283633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38026.996601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.689425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.166667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   291.496739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.026019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.569330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.275441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11606711000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17569306000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82680                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34291924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   152424                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484158449                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017569                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17569306000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17569295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17569295                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        62723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           79403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        62723                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16680                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          79403                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         60849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        60849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2758419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1116310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3874729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2758419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1116310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3874729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63307.146792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64612.490594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63677.776134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63307.146792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64612.490594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63677.776134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        12702                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            12702                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        60849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        60849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2671275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2671275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.146792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62612.490594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61677.776134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.146792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62612.490594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61677.776134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 66670                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        62723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          79403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        60849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2758419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1116310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3874729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63307.146792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64612.490594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63677.776134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2671275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3753031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.409916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.508791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61307.146792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62612.490594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61677.776134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1980.775473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             146801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            66670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.201905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   150.049138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1020.481554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   810.244781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.073266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.498282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.395627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           232007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          232007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5184415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5184415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5184415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5184415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37346.849832                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37346.849832                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37346.849832                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37346.849832                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4906779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4906779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4906779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4906779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35346.849832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35346.849832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35346.849832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35346.849832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5184415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5184415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37346.849832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37346.849832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4906779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4906779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35346.849832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35346.849832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.527683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.527683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               60849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              60849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       134400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       134400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 134400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4707264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4707264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4707264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           124359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          327705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2788608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1105728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3894336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2788608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2788608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       812928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           812928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            43572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                60849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12702                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          158720441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62935212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              221655653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     158720441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         158720441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        46269784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              46269784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        46269784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         158720441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62935212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             267925438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11444.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     43572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16460.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001870098500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           669                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           669                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               136891                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10762                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        60849                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12702                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      60849                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12702                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     817                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1258                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     725688250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   300160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1851288250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12088.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30838.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7927                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  60849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12702                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    60023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        28882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.313690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.615678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.235469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         13959     48.33%     48.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9570     33.13%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2852      9.87%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1155      4.00%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          576      1.99%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          267      0.92%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      0.52%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          105      0.36%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          248      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         28882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       88.859492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      74.132338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.757214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             237     35.43%     35.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           351     52.47%     87.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           56      8.37%     96.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      2.09%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.60%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.15%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.30%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.15%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.15%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.070254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.041156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.995272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               303     45.29%     45.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                22      3.29%     48.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               338     50.52%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3842048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    52288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   730880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3894336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                812928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        218.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         41.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     221.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      46.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17567638000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      238849.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2788608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1053440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       730880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 158720441.205816566944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59959112.784534573555                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 41599821.871165543795                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        43572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17277                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12702                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1304026250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    547262000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 413657445250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29928.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31675.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  32566323.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             104943720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              55778910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            201969180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            34572060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1386627840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6780233220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1036943520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9601068450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         546.468281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2631195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    586560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14351550750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             101295180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              53828280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            226659300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25040340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1386627840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6702426510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1102464960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9598342410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.313122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2803990250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    586560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14178755750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2017307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2017307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2057062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2057062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36658.979811                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36658.979811                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1907251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1907251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1945234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1945234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34659.016155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34659.016155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1361535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1361535000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33719.723612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33719.723612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1280781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1280781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31719.773144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31719.773144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655772000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    655772000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44759.538598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44759.538598                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42759.538598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42759.538598                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39755000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     39755000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44870.203160                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44870.203160                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37983000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42870.203160                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42870.203160                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.392214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.392214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4053110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1523197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5576307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4053110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1523197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5576307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38130.768145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44855.321279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38130.768145                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44855.321279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3840520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5295803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3840520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5295803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36130.768145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42855.380176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.928508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36130.768145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42855.380176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.928508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4053110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1523197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5576307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38130.768145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44855.321279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39758.914248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3840520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5295803000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36130.768145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42855.380176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37758.928508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.473578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.211902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.255610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.006066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.590343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.265637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17569306000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22527849000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34292708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              497104696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000043                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7488280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022528                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22527849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7488280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      934986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           667                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613901                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5408216                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22527838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22527838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4638184                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2617834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700412                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  93901                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         93901                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129169                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50787                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      109496                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7411821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7411821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14605613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5975651                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      933836                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1547730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613894                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30511      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5832499     77.89%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5139      0.07%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29706      0.40%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2468      0.03%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10282      0.14%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7680      0.10%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22291      0.30%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   925886     12.36%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  576090      7.69%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7950      0.11%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              37804      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7488389                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        80805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          101943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        80805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21138                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         101943                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         71154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        71154                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3237778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289966000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   4527744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3237778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289966000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   4527744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       173097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       173097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63434.846496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64135.931984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63633.021334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63434.846496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64135.931984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63633.021334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        14943                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            14943                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        71154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        71154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3135696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4385436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3135696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4385436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61434.846496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62135.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61633.021334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61434.846496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62135.931984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61633.021334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 78919                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        80805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         101943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        71154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3237778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4527744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       173097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63434.846496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64135.931984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63633.021334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3135696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4385436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.387126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61434.846496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62135.931984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61633.021334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28328                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28328                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1995.572079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            78919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.278640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.623575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   986.582938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   849.365567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.481730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.414729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          700                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           282392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          282392                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5232900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5232900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5232900                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5232900                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         175316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             175316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        175316                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            175316                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6299754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6299754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6299754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6299754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5408216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5408216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5408216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5408216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35933.708275                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35933.708275                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35933.708275                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35933.708275                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        175316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       175316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5949122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5949122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5949122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5949122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33933.708275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.708275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33933.708275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.708275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     175060                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5232900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5232900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        175316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            175316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6299754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6299754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5408216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5408216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35933.708275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35933.708275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       175316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5949122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5949122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33933.708275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.708275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.851751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5268152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                175060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.093408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.851751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5583532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5583532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               71154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              71154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       157251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       157251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 157251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5510208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5510208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5510208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           145869000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          383246750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3266624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1287232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4553856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3266624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3266624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       956352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           956352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            51041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            20113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                71154                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         14943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               14943                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          145003813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57139588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              202143400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     145003813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         145003813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        42451989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              42451989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        42451989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         145003813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57139588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             244595389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     12723.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     51041.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19025.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001871738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           743                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           743                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               160437                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11972                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        71154                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       14943                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      71154                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     14943                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1088                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2220                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     849025000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   350330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2162762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12117.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30867.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     39699                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  71154                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 14943                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    70057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        34237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.720098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.797597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    153.025210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16754     48.94%     48.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11488     33.55%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3201      9.35%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1331      3.89%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          616      1.80%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          293      0.86%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          166      0.48%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          111      0.32%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          277      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         34237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       94.289367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.711645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     102.139860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             267     35.94%     35.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           373     50.20%     86.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           66      8.88%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           16      2.15%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.54%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.40%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.54%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.40%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.13%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.27%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.066032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.002837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               330     44.41%     44.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                23      3.10%     47.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               379     51.01%     98.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                11      1.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4484224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    69632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   812928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4553856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                956352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        199.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         36.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     202.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      42.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22517537000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      261536.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3266624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1217600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       812928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 145003812.836281001568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54048657.730260886252                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 36085469.145323194563                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        51041                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        20113                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        14943                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1533784500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    628978000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 547507331500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30050.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31272.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  36639719.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             121422840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              64537770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            229586700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39264840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1778153520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8330569950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1635477600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12199013220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.508123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4172553750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    752180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17603115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             123029340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              65391645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            270684540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            27039600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1778153520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8516025720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1479304320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12259628685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         544.198813                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3766478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    752180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18009191000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1476825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1476825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1479987                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1479987                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68791                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68791                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2401223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2401223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2447574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1544554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1544554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1548778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1548778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.043850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35453.395148                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35453.395148                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35579.857830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35579.857830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34534                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34534                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2265767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2265767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2309994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2309994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33453.424678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33453.424678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33579.886904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33579.886904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68534                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          880362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              880362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1660682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1660682000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       930761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          930761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32950.693466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32950.693466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1559886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30950.733149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30950.733149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         596463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             596463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    740541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    740541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42731.736872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42731.736872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705881000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705881000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40731.736872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40731.736872                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3162                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3162                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1062                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1062                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     46351000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     46351000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4224                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251420                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.251420                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43645.009416                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43645.009416                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1062                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1062                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44227000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44227000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.251420                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251420                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41645.009416                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41645.009416                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.525992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1542507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.507179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.525992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1617568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1617568                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        131846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            173098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           173098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4849694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1786003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6635697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4849694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1786003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6635697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          244107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         244107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36783.019583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43294.943275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38334.914326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36783.019583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43294.943275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38334.914326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       173098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4586002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1703501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6289503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4586002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1703501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6289503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34783.019583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41294.991758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36334.925880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34783.019583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41294.991758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36334.925880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    195376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           173098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4849694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1786003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6635697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       175316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         244107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36783.019583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43294.943275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38334.914326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       131846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4586002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1703501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6289503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34783.019583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41294.991758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36334.925880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.809555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 277436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               195376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.420011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.006206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   295.923109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.880239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.577975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.281016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               474529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              474529                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               244107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              244106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       350632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  522747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6612736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11220224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17832960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           876580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            416777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           343950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22527849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23898316000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88457                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34294540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              497914218                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4245648                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7955430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023898                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23898316000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            954957                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4245648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7955430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      996184                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           832                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      647109                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5733014                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23898316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               23898315.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4943308                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2779078                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       750581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95720                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95720                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               131414                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               51390                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7877071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7877071                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15487655                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6349541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      995031                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1642130                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     647099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31615      0.40%      0.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6203263     77.97%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5167      0.06%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29968      0.38%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2471      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10546      0.13%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7832      0.10%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22464      0.28%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   986921     12.41%     91.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  608231      7.65%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8110      0.10%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38868      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7955539                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   142                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        83056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          106534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        83056                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         106534                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         76292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        76292                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3370824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   4848768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3370824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   4848768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       182826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       182826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63413.800888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63880.705394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63555.392440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63413.800888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63880.705394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63555.392440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        16870                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            16870                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        76292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        76292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3264512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4696184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3264512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4696184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61413.800888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61880.705394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61555.392440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61413.800888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61880.705394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61555.392440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 84945                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        83056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         106534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        76292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3370824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4848768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       182826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63413.800888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63880.705394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63555.392440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3264512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4696184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.390245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61413.800888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61880.705394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61555.392440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1998.578598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             214187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            86993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.462118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   164.093489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   965.151347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   869.333762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.080124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.471265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.424479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           301180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          301180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5551883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5551883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5551883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5551883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         181131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             181131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        181131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            181131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6533652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6533652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6533652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6533652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5733014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5733014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5733014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5733014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36071.417924                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36071.417924                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36071.417924                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36071.417924                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        181131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       181131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6171390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6171390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6171390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6171390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34071.417924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34071.417924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34071.417924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34071.417924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     180875                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5551883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5551883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        181131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            181131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6533652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6533652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5733014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5733014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36071.417924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36071.417924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       181131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6171390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6171390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34071.417924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34071.417924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.917598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5733014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                181131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.651203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.917598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5914145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5914145                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               76292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       169454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       169454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 169454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5962368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5962368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5962368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           160642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          410776750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3401984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1480704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4882688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3401984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3401984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1079680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1079680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            53156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                76292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          142352457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61958508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              204310965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     142352457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         142352457                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        45178079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              45178079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        45178079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         142352457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61958508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             249489043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     53156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001871738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           853                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           853                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               172791                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13763                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        76292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      76292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2246                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     904329000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   375670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2313091500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12036.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30786.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     42967                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  76292                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    75125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.787766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.658043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    156.491241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17824     48.67%     48.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12241     33.43%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3446      9.41%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1453      3.97%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          684      1.87%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          329      0.90%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          198      0.54%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          128      0.35%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          317      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       88.055100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.924151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      97.043118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             356     41.74%     41.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           394     46.19%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           66      7.74%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           16      1.88%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.47%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.35%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      0.47%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.35%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.12%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.23%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.116061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.086442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.004398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               371     43.49%     43.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      3.17%     46.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               440     51.58%     98.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                15      1.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4808576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    74112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   934400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4882688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1079680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        201.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         39.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     204.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      45.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23898235000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      256523.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3401984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1406592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       934400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 142352456.968097686768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58857368.862308122218                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 39098989.234220519662                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        53156                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23136                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16870                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1596271500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    716820000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 581408973500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30029.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30982.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34464076.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             129541020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              68837505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            245851620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            45173880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1886330160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8848122540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1725902880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12949759605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.869126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4402784250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    797940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18697591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             131975760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              70135395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            290605140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            31038120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1886330160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9041371350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1563167040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13014622965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         544.583265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3979620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    797940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19120756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1560818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1560818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1567141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1567141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          73171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              73171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         76043                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             76043                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2633693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2633693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2759824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2759824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1633989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1633989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1643184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1643184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35993.672357                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35993.672357                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36292.939521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36292.939521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37872                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37872                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         73171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        76043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2487351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2487351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2607738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2607738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33993.672357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33993.672357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34292.939521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34292.939521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75787                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          932098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              932098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1853650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       986988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          986988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33770.267808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33770.267808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1743870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1743870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31770.267808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31770.267808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         628720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             628720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780043000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    780043000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       647001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         647001                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028255                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42669.602319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42669.602319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743481000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    743481000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028255                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028255                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40669.602319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40669.602319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6323                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6323                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2872                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2872                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126131000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    126131000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9195                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9195                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.312344                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.312344                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43917.479109                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43917.479109                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2872                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2872                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120387000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120387000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.312344                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312344                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41917.479109                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41917.479109                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.553175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1643184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 76043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.608616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.553175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1719227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1719227                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           44919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               74348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          44919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              74348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        136212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            182826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           182826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5035268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2037654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7072922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5035268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2037654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7072922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        76043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          257174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        76043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         257174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36966.405309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43713.347921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38686.631004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36966.405309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43713.347921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38686.631004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31361                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31361                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       182826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       182826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4762844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1944426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6707270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4762844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1944426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6707270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34966.405309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41713.347921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36686.631004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34966.405309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41713.347921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36686.631004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    207221                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          44919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              74348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           182826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5035268000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2037654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7072922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       181131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        76043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         257174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36966.405309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43713.347921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38686.631004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       136212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       182826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4762844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1944426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6707270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34966.405309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41713.347921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36686.631004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37872                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37872                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37872                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37872                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.877822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 295046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               207733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.420314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.795365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.497211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.585245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.565424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.290206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               502779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              502779                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               257174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              257174                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       362262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  552220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7290560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11592384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18882944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           905655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            446534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           380215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23898316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
