
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11910524000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1283356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   153487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1463237911                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1249353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11910524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1249353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      802859                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11910513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11910513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               259367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              267609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 757193                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        757193                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               758857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1248226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1248226                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3011625                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             394824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        813672                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     802858                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    434131     34.71%     34.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     34.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     34.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     34.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.83%     35.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48084      3.84%     39.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             754774     60.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1250910                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.935170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.935170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535740                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        99047                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 300099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12772672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           595761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          530621500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6433664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6339008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         99047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               99047                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4776952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          535389375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              540166327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4776952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4776952                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       532219069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             532219069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       532219069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4776952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         535389375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1072385396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     99046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5999                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5999                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               297284                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               93188                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       99047                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     99047                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     875860750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   502605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2760629500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8713.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27463.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     92554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    91417                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 99047                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    6020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    6039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     820.299351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    670.407201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    342.647314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           542      3.48%      3.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1774     11.40%     14.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          505      3.24%     18.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          416      2.67%     20.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          444      2.85%     23.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          356      2.29%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      2.68%     28.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          370      2.38%     30.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10743     69.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.754626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.539680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.501819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            5989     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.505918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.484144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.864777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4428     73.81%     73.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               136      2.27%     76.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1406     23.44%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                29      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5999                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6337216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6433664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6339008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        540.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        532.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     540.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     532.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11910440000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59679.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6376448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6337216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4776951.878859401681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 535362507.980337381363                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 532068614.277591824532                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        99047                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2736484000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 291150414500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27464.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2939517.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55342140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29411250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            359227680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           259308720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      939784560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3897251880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1291745280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6832071510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         573.616367                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3297040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    397540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8215943250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55820520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29665515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            358492260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           257570460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      939784560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3898162170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1290978720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6830474205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.482259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3295417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    397540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8217566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           712399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               712399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          712399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              712399                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99765                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99765                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7349328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7349328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7349328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7349328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       812164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           812164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       812164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          812164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.396031                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7149800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7149800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7149800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7149800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.416078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99508                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         701814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             701814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7333998000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7333998000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       801302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         801302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73717.413155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73717.413155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7135024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7135024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71717.433258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71717.433258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.504873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  810120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.141255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.504873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911928                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911928                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          99047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                99047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100251                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6749594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6809613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67741.163010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67739.144707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6550320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6608561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65741.183083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65739.164603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.701113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.877093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.402360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.421660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300823                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300823                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100724                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12742400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12803776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            597404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11910524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24144944000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122433                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   150449                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1478038990                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2457696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24144944000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             92790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2457696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1637827                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6378                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3081344                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24144933                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24144933                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               467702                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              517611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1548866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1548866                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1550530                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2458197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2458197                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5976494                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             728160                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1648640                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1637826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    809134     32.88%     32.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     32.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     32.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.42%     33.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91379      3.71%     37.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1546447     62.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2460881                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3080385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3080385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3080385                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3080385                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3081344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3081344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3080385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3080385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3081344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.474727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.474727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3082303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3082303                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       203214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 612600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                26106048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1220763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1080340750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13005696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        203214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              203214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2356435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          540214796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              542571231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2356435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2356435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       538650908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             538650908                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       538650908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2356435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         540214796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1081222139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    203213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12310                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12310                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               606772                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              191212                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204693                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      203214                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204693                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    203214                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1785111250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1023440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5623011250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8721.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27471.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    188755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   187612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204693                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                203214                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.524234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    684.094977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    336.768586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           954      3.03%      3.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3492     11.08%     14.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          997      3.16%     17.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          810      2.57%     19.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          901      2.86%     22.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          709      2.25%     24.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          843      2.68%     27.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          773      2.45%     30.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22026     69.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.626970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.511356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.661951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12300     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.505768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.483983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.864962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9090     73.84%     73.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               274      2.23%     76.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2886     23.44%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                60      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13100032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13003904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13100352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13005696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        542.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        538.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     542.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     538.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24144842000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59192.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13043136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13003904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2356435.368000853341                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 540201542.815754652023                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 538576689.181801319122                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203804                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       203214                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5598865750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 592020854750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27471.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2913287.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             112219380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              59638425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            731664360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           530451180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1905384000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7899169440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2619726720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13858253505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         573.960888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6685785750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16653158250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             112740600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              59923050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729807960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           530179740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1905384000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7891177470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2626456800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13855669620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         573.853873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6704848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16634096000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1441572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1441572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1441572                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1441572                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15032276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15032276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15032276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15032276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1645504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1645504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1645504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1645504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73712.198184                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203503                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203503                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14624414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14624414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14624414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14624414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71712.207991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203675                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203655                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15016946000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15016946000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1634642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1634642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124587                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73737.182981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73737.182981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14609638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14609638000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124587                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71737.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71737.192802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.769172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1643456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.069012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.769172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1849435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1849435                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203214                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204418                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13807540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13867559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67748.779471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67747.755186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13399932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13458173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65748.789284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65747.764956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203503                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.372683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.432664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.664944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.275075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               613324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              613324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204891                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203503                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       611366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  613284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26075776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1222406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1019655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24144944000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36378800000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117249                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   143277                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1421764605                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3666022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036379                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36378800000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3666022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2472784                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9632                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627884                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36378789                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36378789                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               676032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              767609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       131852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2340529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2340529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2342194                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3668150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3668150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8941320                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1061490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2483597                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2472783                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1184130     32.26%     32.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.28%     32.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134673      3.67%     36.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2338110     63.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3670834                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        52000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        50000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse            0.000003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      36378743000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.000015                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                4                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               4                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626925                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626925                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626925                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.651372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.651372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 925100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39439360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1845760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy               5250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630078500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19710144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19767040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        307380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              307380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1563988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          541803028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              543367016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1563988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1563988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       540763302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             540763302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       540763302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1563988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         541803028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1084130318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    307379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307966.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               916249                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              289238                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      307380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    307380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2693836000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1544275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8484867250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8722.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27472.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    284953                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   283809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                307380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        47448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     831.140786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    688.623857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    334.793677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1353      2.85%      2.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5246     11.06%     13.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1467      3.09%     17.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1207      2.54%     19.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1359      2.86%     22.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1071      2.26%     24.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1275      2.69%     27.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1156      2.44%     29.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        33314     70.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         47448                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.584331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.500786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.439069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           18613     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.504215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.482482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.863943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13765     73.91%     73.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               416      2.23%     76.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4352     23.37%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19766720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19670912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19767040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19672320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        543.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        540.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     543.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     540.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36378684000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59033.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19709824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19670912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1563987.817080277484                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 541794231.805337190628                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 540724597.842699527740                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       307380                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8460721750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 893021537500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27472.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2905268.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             169003800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              89816265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1102537380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           801619740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2871598080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11894836380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3952754880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20882166525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         574.020213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10087972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1214720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25076107500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             169796340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              90248895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102687320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           802789020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2871598080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11907627180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3941983680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         20886730515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         574.145670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10061467750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1214720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25102612250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170735                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         308099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             308099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        308099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            308099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22714726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22714726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22714726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22714726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73725.412935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73725.412935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73725.412935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73725.412935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307670                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307670                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        308099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22098530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22098530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22098530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22098530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71725.419427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71725.419427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71725.419427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71725.419427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307842                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2160150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2160150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22699396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22699396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2467972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2467972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73741.954766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.954766                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22083754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22083754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71741.961263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.961263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.183088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.045660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.183088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786932                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308861                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  20925007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  20925007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          309058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         309058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.626589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.945318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.626589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.945318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307381                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.633084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.951794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.633084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.951794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308585                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20864988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20925007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       308099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         309058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67749.626589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67748.945318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20249046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20307287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65749.633084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65748.951794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307670                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.919935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.287163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.768748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.864024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925825                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925825                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               309058                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              309057                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39409152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39470528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1847408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1540490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36378800000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                48544621000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114124                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   139069                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1385013533                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4874353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.048545                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 48544621000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176123                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4874353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3307742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174430                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         48544610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   48544610                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               884367                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1017609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173519                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3132193                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3132193                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3133857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4878109                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4878109                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1394824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3318555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3307741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1559131     31.94%     31.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.21%     32.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177967      3.65%     35.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3129774     64.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4880793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        104167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       104167                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5843631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   5843631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5843631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   5843631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       104167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       104167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56098.678084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56098.678084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56098.678084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56098.678084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       104167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       104167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5635297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5635297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5635297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5635297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54098.678084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54098.678084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54098.678084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54098.678084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       104167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5843631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5843631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       104167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56098.678084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56098.678084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       104167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       104167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5635297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5635297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54098.678084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54098.678084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       104167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       104167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       104167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       104167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13180.854034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      36378743000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   127.999402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 13052.854632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.099585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.100562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       104679                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7707                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        77058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        19058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798637                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           313013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          313013                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173471                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173471                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.738742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.738742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175389                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              413026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             413026                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       208334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       208334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1133432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                46105984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1949926000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          548675250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630078500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26433664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           412137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               413026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        307380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              307380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1172035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          543350992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              544523028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1172035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1172035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       405242014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             405242014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       405242014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1172035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         543350992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             949765042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    307379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    412132.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000295563750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18623                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1127705                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              289238                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       413026                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      307380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     413026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    307380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3118984500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2065105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10863128250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7551.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26301.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    381144                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   283809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 413026                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                307380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   413021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        55424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     831.815242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    689.819466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    334.213529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1679      3.03%      3.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5996     10.82%     13.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1727      3.12%     16.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1467      2.65%     19.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1619      2.92%     22.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1071      1.93%     24.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1536      2.77%     27.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1416      2.55%     29.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38913     70.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         55424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.584331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.500786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.439069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           18613     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              3      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.504215                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.482482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.863943                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             13765     73.91%     73.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               416      2.23%     76.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4352     23.37%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19670912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26433664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19672320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        544.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        405.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     544.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     405.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    48544485000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67384.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26376448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19670912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1172035.105599032249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 543344400.608256816864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 405213010.108782172203                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       412137                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       307380                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10838982750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 893021537500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26299.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2905268.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             197399580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             104912775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1473403260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           801619740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3831665760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       14725008930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6241127040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         27375137085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         563.917001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15984205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1620840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30939575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             198342060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             105421305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475566680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           802789020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3831665760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       14750287860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6219839520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         27383912205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         564.097765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15930053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1620840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  30993727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899899                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899899                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30329127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30329127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30329127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30329127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3312164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3312164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3312164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3312164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73567.067299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73567.067299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73567.067299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73567.067299                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411836                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411836                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29504599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29504599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29504599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29504599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71567.072150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71567.072150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71567.072150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71567.072150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     412008                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2889314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2889314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411988                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30313797000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30313797000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3301302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3301302                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124796                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73579.320271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73579.320271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411988                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29489823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29489823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71579.325126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71579.325126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.387815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3310120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                412008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.387815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3724428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3724428                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            413027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           413027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27854393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  27914412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27854393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  27914412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67585.112268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67584.956916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67585.112268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67584.956916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411547                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27030119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27088360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27030119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27088360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.117121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65584.961758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.117121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65584.961758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           413027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27854393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27914412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67585.112268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67584.956916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       413027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27030119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27088360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65585.117121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65584.961758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411836                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.190611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.215197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.325480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.649934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1238323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1238323                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411836                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1236365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1238283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52742400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52803776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2472404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2061320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  48544621000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                61247415000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   139014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1399746576                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6082696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.061247                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 61247415000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            217790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6082696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4142709                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16142                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720990                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         61247404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   61247404                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1092702                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1267611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215186                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3923866                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3923866                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3925530                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6088079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6088079                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871022                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1728160                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4153522                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4142708                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1934134     31.76%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.17%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221261      3.63%     35.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3921447     64.38%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6090763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        208334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       208334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12224120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12224120000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12224120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12224120000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       208334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       208334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58675.588238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58675.588238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58675.588238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58675.588238                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        77774                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            77774                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       208334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       208334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11807452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11807452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11807452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11807452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56675.588238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56675.588238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56675.588238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56675.588238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 77774                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       208334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12224120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12224120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       208334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58675.588238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58675.588238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       208334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       208334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11807452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11807452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56675.588238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56675.588238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       208334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       208334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       208334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       208334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        36967.441811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             155036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            77774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.993417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      36378743000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   127.485250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 36839.956561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.281067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.282039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72943                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           625514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          625514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7720031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7720031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7720031                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7720031                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7720031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7720031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.792927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.792927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721949                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              517193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             517193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       385154                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       494442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       494442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1419540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     18310912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     18310912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                57750208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2442963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1097042500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630078500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33043456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24649856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24649856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               517193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        385154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              385154                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             928953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          539507765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              540436719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        928953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            928953                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       402463614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             402463614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       402463614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            928953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         539507765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             942900333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    385153.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.030505116250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         23199                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         23199                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1412962                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              362524                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       517193                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      385154                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     517193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    385154                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4081299000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2585940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              13778574000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7891.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26641.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    475179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   354077                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 517193                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                385154                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   517188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    7558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   23262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   23322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   23229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   23200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   23199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   23199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   23199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        73054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     790.478933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    621.597731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    361.962987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3699      5.06%      5.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9376     12.83%     17.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2336      3.20%     21.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1993      2.73%     23.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2349      3.22%     27.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1511      2.07%     29.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2126      2.91%     32.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2046      2.80%     34.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        47618     65.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         73054                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       22.292987                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.598734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     857.196463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         23198    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          23199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.600845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.577547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.893208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15642     67.43%     67.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1265      5.45%     72.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6202     26.73%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          23199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33100032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24647872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33100352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24649856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        540.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        402.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     540.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     402.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    61247311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67875.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33043136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24647872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 928953.491343267262                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 539502540.637837529182                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 402431220.974795401096                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516304                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       385154                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  13754428500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1446165299250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26640.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3754771.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             260131620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             138259440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1844276280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1004432400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4834758240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       17734594680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8584611840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34401064500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.673738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21982298000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2045160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37219957000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             261481080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             138980490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1848446040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1005909660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4834758240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       17772810330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8552430240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34414816080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         561.898263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21899267500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2045160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37302987500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3629072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3629072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3629072                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3629072                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516432                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516432                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38480455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  38480455000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38480455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  38480455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4145504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4145504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4145504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4145504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74512.142935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74512.142935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74512.142935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74512.142935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          516003                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                516003                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37447593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37447593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37447593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37447593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72512.146807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72512.146807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72512.146807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72512.146807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516175                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3618487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3618487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516155                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38465125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  38465125000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4134642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4134642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74522.430278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74522.430278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37432817000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37432817000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72522.434153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72522.434153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.514783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4143456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.514783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661935                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35380719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  35440738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35380719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  35440738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68526.779714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68525.037027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68526.779714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68525.037027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515714                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515714                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34348111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34406352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34348111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34406352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66526.783587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66525.040894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66526.783587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66525.040894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516918                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35380719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35440738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68526.779714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68525.037027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34348111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34406352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66526.783587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66525.040894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       516003                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.358480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.170565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.050574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.137341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550824                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        516003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66075776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66137152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3097406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2582155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  61247415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                74131354000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   137350                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1396502895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7291022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.074131                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 74131354000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259456                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7291022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4977667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19398                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         74131343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   74131343                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1301032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1517609                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       256852                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4715529                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4715529                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4717194                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7298033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7298033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17835852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2061490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4988480                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4977666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2309130     31.63%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.14%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264556      3.62%     35.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4713110     64.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7300717                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        312501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       312501                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18785808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18785808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18785808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18785808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       312501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       312501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60114.393234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.393234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60114.393234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.393234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       181941                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           181941                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       312501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       312501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18160806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18160806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18160806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18160806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58114.393234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.393234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58114.393234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.393234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                181941                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       312501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18785808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18785808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       312501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60114.393234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.393234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       312501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       312501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18160806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18160806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58114.393234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.393234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       312501                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       312501                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       312501                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       312501                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        53322.699363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             363370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           181941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      36378743000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.328469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 53217.370894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.406016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.406820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           938015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          938015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266574                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266574                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.828916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.806180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.828916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268492                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       489321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       806943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       806943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1732041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     31644288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     31644288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                71083584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3067965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1645305250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630078500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39710144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39767040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     31316544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         31316544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        489321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              489321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             767503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          535672720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              536440222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        767503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            767503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       422446675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             422446675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       422446675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            767503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         535672720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             958886897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    489320.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.030505116250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         29330                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         29330                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1723256                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              460689                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621360                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      489321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    489321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              30594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              30611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              30650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              30603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              30658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              30609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              30550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              30464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              30464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              30531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             30529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             30594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             30662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             30592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5224917000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3106775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16875323250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8408.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27158.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    568494                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                489321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   29319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   29393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   29453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   29331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   29331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   29331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   29331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   29331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   29399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   29330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        93937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     756.688249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    570.837113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    379.859497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6284      6.69%      6.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13648     14.53%     21.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3057      3.25%     24.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2591      2.76%     27.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3254      3.46%     30.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2097      2.23%     32.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2819      3.00%     35.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2804      2.98%     38.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        57383     61.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         93937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.184657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.674976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     762.357743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         29329    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          29330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.682407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.658212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.909274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18171     61.95%     61.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2393      8.16%     70.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8676     29.58%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          29330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39766720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 31314880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39767040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              31316544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        536.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        422.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     536.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     422.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    74131288000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       66744.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39709824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     31314880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 767502.506429330911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 535668402.873094737530                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 422424228.215229988098                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620471                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       489321                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16851177750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1758203365750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27158.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3593149.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             334673220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             177883035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2216313120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1276582320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5851372800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20810108340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       10942138560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         41609071395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.288431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28002966750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2475200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43653187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             336044100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             178607880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2220161580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1277537580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5851372800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20843627190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       10913912160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         41621263290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         561.452895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  27930273000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2475200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43725881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4358235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4358235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4358235                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4358235                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46812982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46812982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46812982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46812982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75431.932697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75431.932697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75431.932697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75431.932697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620170                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620170                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45571786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45571786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45571786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45571786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73431.935920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73431.935920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73431.935920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73431.935920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4347650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4347650                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46797652000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46797652000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4967972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4967972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75440.903273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75440.903273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45557010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45557010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73440.906497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73440.906497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.599113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4976792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.022658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.599113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5599432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5599432                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43088244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43148263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43088244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43148263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69444.300468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69441.537206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69444.300468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69441.537206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41847302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41905543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41847302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41905543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67444.303691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67441.540425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67444.303691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67441.540425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    621085                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43088244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43148263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69444.300468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69441.537206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41847302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41905543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67444.303691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67441.540425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620170                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620170                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.469975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               621085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.140921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.867985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.461069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1863325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1863325                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621558                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621557                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1861367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1863285                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79409152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79470528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3722408000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  74131354000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                87015448000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110960                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1284612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   134726                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1379309108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8499344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.087015                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 87015448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301122                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8499344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       10862                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5812623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22654                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10814071                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         87015448                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   87015448                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1509362                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1767605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298518                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5507191                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5507191                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5508856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8507983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8507983                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20800674                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2394818                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10814                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5823436                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5812622                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2684124     31.54%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10444      0.12%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307850      3.62%     35.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5504772     64.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8510667                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        416667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       416667                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25347691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25347691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25347691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25347691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       416667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       416667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60834.409732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60834.409732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60834.409732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60834.409732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       286107                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           286107                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       416667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       416667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24514357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24514357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24514357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24514357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58834.409732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58834.409732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58834.409732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58834.409732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                286107                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       416667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25347691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25347691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       416667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60834.409732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60834.409732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       416667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       416667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24514357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24514357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58834.409732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58834.409732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       416667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       416667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       416667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       416667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        64834.785100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             833334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           417179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      36378743000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.732826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 64745.052274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.493966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.494650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        72763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        50223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1250513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1250513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10813112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10813112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10813112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10813112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10814071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10814071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10814071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10814071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10813112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10813112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10814071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10814071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69275.286757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67275.286757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.854248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10814071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11276.403545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.854248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10815030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10815030                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725526                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       593487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       925098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1119441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1119441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2044539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     39439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     44977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     44977536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                84416832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3692961000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2193561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1630078500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           56896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46433664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          56896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37983168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37983168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        593487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              593487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             653861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532971663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533625524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        653861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            653861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       436510630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             436510630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       436510630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            653861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532971663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             970136153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    593486.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.030505116250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35461                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35461                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2033550                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              558855                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725526                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      593487                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725526                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    593487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              37122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              37139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              37178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              37131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              37107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              37009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              37010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              37059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             37122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             37190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             37120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6368783750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3627605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              19972302500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8778.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27528.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    661810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   542361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725526                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                593487                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       114817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     735.215447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    540.779405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.275495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8862      7.72%      7.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17921     15.61%     23.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3781      3.29%     26.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3189      2.78%     29.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4160      3.62%     33.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2680      2.33%     35.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3514      3.06%     38.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3562      3.10%     41.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67148     58.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        114817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.459660                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.725125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     693.328859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         35460    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.735794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.711222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.915765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             20701     58.38%     58.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3518      9.92%     68.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             11152     31.45%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                90      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46433344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37981952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46433664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37983168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        436.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     436.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    87015393000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65970.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        56896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46376448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37981952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 653860.909846720635                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532967985.178907573223                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 436496655.168631672859                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724637                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       593487                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24145500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  19948157000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2070248076000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27160.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27528.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3488278.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             409693200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             217757100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2589192480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1549191600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6868602000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23891628090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       13294666560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         48820731030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.058205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  34009798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2905500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50100150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             410107320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             217973415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2591027460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1548711360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6868602000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23911967400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       13277538720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         48825927675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         561.117926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33967488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2905500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  50142459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5087398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5087398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5087398                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5087398                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724764                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724764                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55145687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  55145687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55145687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  55145687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5812162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5812162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5812162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5812162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76087.784437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76087.784437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76087.784437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76087.784437                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724336                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53696159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53696159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53696159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53696159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74087.784437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74087.784437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74087.784437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74087.784437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724508                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           10862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55342.960289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53342.960289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5076813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5076813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55130357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  55130357000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5801300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5801300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124884                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76095.716003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76095.716003                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53681383000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53681383000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124884                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74095.716003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74095.716003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.658471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5812162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.658471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6536926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6536926                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724637                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725526                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50795953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  50855972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50795953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  50855972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70098.481033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70095.312918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70098.481033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70095.312918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         724047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               724047                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49346679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49404920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49346679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49404920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68098.481033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68095.312918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68098.481033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68095.312918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725251                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50795953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50855972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67512.935883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70098.481033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70095.312918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49346679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49404920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65512.935883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68098.481033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68095.312918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.548454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1450059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.120055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.739466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.688933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175822                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725723                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92742400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92803776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4347403000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  87015448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
