
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12455296000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    74345                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              740224213                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012455                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12455296000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      801535                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534298                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12455285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12455285                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               261504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              268431                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48893                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 755853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        755853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               757518                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1249736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1249736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             397106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        812704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     801534                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    436698     34.87%     34.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     35.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     35.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     35.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.86%     35.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48100      3.84%     39.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             753434     60.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1252509                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6208939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6253827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6208939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6253827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62437.165009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.934768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62437.165009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.934768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        91163                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            91163                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6010053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6053435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6010053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6053435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60437.165009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.934768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60437.165009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.934768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 92049                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6208939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6253827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62437.165009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.934768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6010053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6053435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60437.165009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.934768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7770.032532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             183349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            92049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.991863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.603881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    35.152443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7732.276207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.943881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533339                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533339                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.969158                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.969158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535257                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        91163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       291555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       291555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 291555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     12246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           556011000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          527453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6364352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6412544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      5834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          5834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         91163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               91163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3869197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          510975572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              514844770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3869197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3869197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       468429815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             468429815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       468429815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3869197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         510975572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             983274585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     91163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5363                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5363                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               289932                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               85879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       91163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     91163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               5650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              5760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              5760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              5822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              5760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1042211000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   500980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2920886000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10401.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29151.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     89793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    82351                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 91163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.172096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.987957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.461271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2378     12.39%     12.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3916     20.41%     32.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          700      3.65%     36.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          551      2.87%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          812      4.23%     43.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          541      2.82%     46.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          638      3.33%     49.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          674      3.51%     53.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8977     46.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.680962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.048197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     106.016357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           5360     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.993474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2206     41.13%     41.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               986     18.39%     59.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2171     40.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6412544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  5832704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6412544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               5834432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        514.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        468.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     514.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     468.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12455228000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65088.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6364352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      5832704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3869197.488361577503                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 510975572.158220887184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 468291078.750757932663                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99443                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        91163                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2901103000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 295681757250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29173.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3243440.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              68536860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36428205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358699320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           239556240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      982809360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2985408060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2268805920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6940243965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.212287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5797874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    415740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6241682000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              68465460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              36386460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            356700120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           236173680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      982809360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2981575380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2272033440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6934143900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.722530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5808034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    415740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6231522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           711610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               711610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          711610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              711610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99589                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99589                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7901724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7901724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7901724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7901724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79343.341132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79343.341132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79343.341132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79343.341132                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7702548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7702548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7702548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7702548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77343.361215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77343.361215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77343.361215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77343.361215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99332                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         700669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             700669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7886436000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7886436000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79410.705655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79410.705655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99312                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7687814000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7687814000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77410.725793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77410.725793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.596663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.145985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.596663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                910787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               910787                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7303046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7357985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7303046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7357985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73425.489132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73322.488067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73425.489132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73322.488067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7104124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7157285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7104124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7157285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71425.509240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71322.507997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71425.509240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71322.507997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100075                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7303046000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7357985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73425.489132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73322.488067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7104124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7157285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71425.509240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71322.507997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.815888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 198939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.848363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.192525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.775000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300295                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12719872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12781248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           497940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12455296000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25339843000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62884                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    77324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              796722429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2459294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25339843000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93342                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2459294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1636499                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6372                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3080856                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25339832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25339832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               469839                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              518433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90560                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1547522                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1547522                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549187                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2459703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2459703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5977513                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             730442                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1647668                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1636498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    811701     32.96%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     33.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.44%     33.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91395      3.71%     37.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545103     62.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2462476                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204363                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12771193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12816081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12771193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12816081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62723.800403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.335403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62723.800403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.335403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       195330                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           195330                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12363973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12407355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12363973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12407355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60723.800403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60712.335403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60723.800403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60712.335403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                196216                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12771193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12816081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62723.800403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62712.335403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12363973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12407355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60723.800403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60712.335403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203038                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203038                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7984.590281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             391683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           196216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.279886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.278484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7966.031910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           611963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          611963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3079897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3079897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3079897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3079897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3080856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3080856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3079897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3079897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3080856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3080856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.493310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.493310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3081815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3081815                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       195330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       604056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       604056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 604056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1181013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1075689250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13031040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13079232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12501120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12501120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        195330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              195330                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1901827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          514251016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516152843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1901827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1901827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       493338495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             493338495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       493338495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1901827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         514251016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1009491337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    195330.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203610.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11493                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11493                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               600235                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              184040                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204363                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      195330                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204363                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    195330                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2186421500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1021815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6018227750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10698.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29448.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    183098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   176479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204363                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                195330                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.004540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.426900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.662963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4982     12.43%     12.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8192     20.43%     32.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1421      3.54%     36.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1147      2.86%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1721      4.29%     43.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1121      2.80%     46.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1331      3.32%     49.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1437      3.58%     53.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18739     46.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.780736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      72.424577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          11490     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.993474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4723     41.09%     41.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2122     18.46%     59.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4648     40.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13079232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12499584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13079232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12501120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        493.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     493.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25339779000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63398.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13031040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12499584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1901827.094982395880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 514251015.683088481426                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 493277878.635633230209                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203610                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       195330                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5998444750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 607707286000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29460.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3111182.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             143142720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              76078365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            729879360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           510797880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2000038560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6057070230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4629809280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14146816395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.283506                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11827500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    846040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12666302500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             143114160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              76066980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729272460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           508699440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2000038560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6063439980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4624445280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14145076860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.214858                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11815453500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    846040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12678349500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1440779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1440779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1440779                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1440779                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203756                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203756                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16234817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16234817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16234817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16234817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1644535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1644535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1644535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1644535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79677.737097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79677.737097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79677.737097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79677.737097                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15827307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15827307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15827307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15827307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77677.746913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77677.746913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77677.746913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77677.746913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203499                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1429838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1429838                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16219529000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16219529000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1633317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1633317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124580                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79711.070921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79711.070921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15812573000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15812573000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124580                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77711.080750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77711.080750                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.818688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1642493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.071258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.818688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848290                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15011137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15066076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15011137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15066076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73718.070609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.259205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73718.070609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.259205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203038                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14603881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14657042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14603881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14657042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.080431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.268984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.080431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.268984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204242                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15011137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15066076000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73718.070609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73666.259205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14603881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14657042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71718.080431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71666.268984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.434913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.416996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.552282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.465635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               612796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              612796                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       610838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  612756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26053248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26114624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1018775000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25339843000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38223902000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64328                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    78643                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              819617140                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3667629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038224                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38223902000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            135009                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3667629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2471460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9626                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38223891                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38223891                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               678174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              768433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132227                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339190                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339190                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340854                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3669665                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3669665                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8942358                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1063776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2482629                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2471459                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1186702     32.31%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.29%     32.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134688      3.67%     36.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2336771     63.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3672438                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308529                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19332998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19377886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19332998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19377886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62815.157777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62807.340639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62815.157777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62807.340639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       299496                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           299496                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18717446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18760828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18717446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18760828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60815.157777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60807.340639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60815.157777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60807.340639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                300382                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19332998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19377886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62815.157777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62807.340639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18717446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18760828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60815.157777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60807.340639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8054.501486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             600015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           300382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.848477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.454458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8042.198551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626445                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626445                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.664099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.664099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628363                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628363                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       299496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       916554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       916554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 916554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     38913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     38913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                38913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1806009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1623915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19697664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19745856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19167744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19167744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        299496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              299496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1260782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515323213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516583995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1260782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1260782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       501459636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             501459636                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       501459636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1260782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515323213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1018043631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    299496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17624                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17624                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               910527                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              282198                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      299496                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    299496                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3330240250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1542645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9115159000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10793.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29543.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    276414                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   270620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                299496                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        60965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.260510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.664713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.622140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7559     12.40%     12.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12460     20.44%     32.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2143      3.52%     36.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1748      2.87%     39.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2625      4.31%     43.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1707      2.80%     46.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2026      3.32%     49.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2191      3.59%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28506     46.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         60965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.505731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.992004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      58.488575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          17621     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7258     41.18%     41.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3245     18.41%     59.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7121     40.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19745856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19166144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19745856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19167744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        501.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     501.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38223796000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62865.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19697664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19166144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1260781.800874227891                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515323213.208321869373                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 501417777.808241605759                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307776                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       299496                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9095376000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 919731211500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29551.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3070929.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             217505820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             115603290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1100745240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           781929900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3017267760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9123747750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6994822560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21351622320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.593477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17868015000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1276340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19079547000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             217791420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             115758885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102151820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           781308720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3017267760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9145336500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6976642560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21356257665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.714745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17822035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1276340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19125527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2169947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2169947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2169947                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2169947                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         307922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             307922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        307922                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            307922                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24567444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24567444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24567444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24567444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2477869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2477869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2477869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2477869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79784.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79784.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79784.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79784.633771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        307922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       307922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23951602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23951602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23951602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23951602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77784.640266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77784.640266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77784.640266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77784.640266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307665                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24552156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24552156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2466651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2466651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79806.777292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79806.777292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23936868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23936868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77806.783793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77806.783793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.216870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2475821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.047132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.216870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2785790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2785790                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307795                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22718768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22773707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22718768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22773707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73811.361458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73776.765236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73811.361458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73776.765236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307204                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307204                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22103180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22156341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22103180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22156341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71811.367956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71776.771715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71811.367956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71776.771715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308408                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22718768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22773707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73811.361458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73776.765236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22103180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22156341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71811.367956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71776.771715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.962454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.276440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.691989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.994025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925294                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308881                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308880                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39386496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39447872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1539605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38223902000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51107925000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  71087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207812                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    86654                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              908276055                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051108                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51107925000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3306418                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12882                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6173947                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51107914                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51107914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               886504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1018431                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173893                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3130853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3130853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3132518                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4879619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4879619                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11907188                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1397106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3317587                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3306417                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1561698     31.99%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.22%     32.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177983      3.65%     35.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3128434     64.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4882392                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412696                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25894770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25939658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25894770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25939658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       411961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       411961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.080157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62854.154147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.080157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62854.154147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       403663                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           403663                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25070884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25114266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25070884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25114266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.080157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60854.154147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.080157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60854.154147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                404549                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25894770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25939658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       411961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62860.080157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62854.154147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25070884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25114266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60860.080157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60854.154147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411371                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411371                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8089.164095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             808349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           404549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.634581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.566853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8079.962661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1236962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1236962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6172988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6172988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6172988                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6172988                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6173947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6173947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6172988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6172988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6173947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6173947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.748778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.748778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6174906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6174906                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       403663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1229055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1229055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1229055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     52246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     52246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2431011000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26364352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26412544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           411943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        403663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              403663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             942946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515856435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516799381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        942946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            942946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       505487789                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             505487789                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       505487789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            942946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515856435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1022287170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    403663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    411943.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         23755                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         23755                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1220821                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              380365                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412696                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      403663                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412696                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    403663                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4473974000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12212024000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10840.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29590.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    369729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   364762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412696                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                403663                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   23910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   23755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        81849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.318855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.681855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.630974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10144     12.39%     12.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16732     20.44%     32.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2865      3.50%     36.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2343      2.86%     39.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3534      4.32%     43.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2291      2.80%     46.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2719      3.32%     49.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2949      3.60%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38272     46.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         81849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.372974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.985584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      50.380804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          23752     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          23755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9786     41.20%     41.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4373     18.41%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9596     40.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          23755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26412544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25833280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26412544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25834432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        505.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     505.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51107857000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62604.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26364352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25833280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 942945.736889141961                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515856435.181040942669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 505465248.295641064644                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       411943                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       403663                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12192241000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1231775546500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29596.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3051494.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             291597600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             154984005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1471618260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1053108900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4033882320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12191955150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9358533600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28555679835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.732913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23905343500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1706380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25496201500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             292811400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             155632950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475031180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1053918000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4033882320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12226773600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9329212800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28567262250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.959540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23829051750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1706380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25572493250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899110                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899110                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412089                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412089                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32900055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32900055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32900055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32900055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79837.256030                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79837.256030                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79837.256030                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79837.256030                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411660                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411660                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32075879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32075879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32075879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32075879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77837.260883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77837.260883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77837.260883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77837.260883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411832                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888169                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32884767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32884767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3299981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3299981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124792                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79853.833788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.833788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32061145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32061145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124792                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77853.838645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.838645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.414293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.035211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.414293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723287                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        411962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       411962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30426377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30481316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30426377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30481316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73857.241687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73831.275690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73857.241687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73831.275690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29602455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29655616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29602455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29655616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71857.246542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71831.280535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71857.246542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71831.280535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412575                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       411962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30426377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30481316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73857.241687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73831.275690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29602455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29655616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71857.246542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71831.280535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.224014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 823939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.206751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.265448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.751814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1237795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1237795                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413048                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411660                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1235837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1237755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52719872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52781248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51107925000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63992162000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    99615                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1047713979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6084294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063992                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63992162000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218342                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6084294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4141382                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16138                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720505                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63992151                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63992151                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1094839                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1268433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215560                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3922522                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3922522                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924187                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6089586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6089586                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14872045                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1730442                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4152551                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4141381                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1936701     31.79%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.18%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221278      3.63%     35.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920103     64.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6092359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516863                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32456714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32501602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32456714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32501602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62887.202341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62882.431128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62887.202341                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62882.431128                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       507830                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           507830                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31424494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31467876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31424494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31467876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60887.202341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60882.431128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60887.202341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60882.431128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                508716                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32456714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32501602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62887.202341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62882.431128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31424494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31467876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60887.202341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60882.431128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8109.869165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1016683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           508716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.506814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.841995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8102.520355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549463                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719546                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719546                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.799359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.799359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       507830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1541556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1541556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1541556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     65580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     65580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3056013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2720375500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33031040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33079232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32501120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32501120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        507830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              507830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             753092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516173215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516926307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        753092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            753092                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       507892201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             507892201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       507892201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            753092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516173215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1024818508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    507830.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516110.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         29885                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         29885                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1531121                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              478515                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      507830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    507830                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              31746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              31762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              31788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              31754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              31807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              31761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              31762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              31662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              31616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              31683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             31681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             31746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             31806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5617881250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15309062500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10869.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29619.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    463047                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   458892                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                507830                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   11911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   29854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   29886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   30081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   29885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       102729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.361514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.701290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.636902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12727     12.39%     12.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21005     20.45%     32.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3586      3.49%     36.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2938      2.86%     39.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4442      4.32%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2872      2.80%     46.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3412      3.32%     49.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3711      3.61%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48036     46.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        102729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.294763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.981869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      44.919490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          29882     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          29885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12313     41.20%     41.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5498     18.40%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12074     40.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          29885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33079232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32499584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33079232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32501120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        507.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     507.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63992098000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62450.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33031040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32499584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 753092.230264075100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516173215.088435292244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 507868197.983371734619                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516110                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       507830                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15289279500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1543779397000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29624.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3039953.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             366374820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             194732835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1842905400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1324648080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5051111520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15263571720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11719456320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35762800695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.862204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29934516500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2136680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31920965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             367117380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             195123720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847496420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1326099240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5051111520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15303153090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11686124640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35776226010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.072000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29848608000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2136680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32006874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628279                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628279                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516256                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516256                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41232838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41232838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41232838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41232838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4144535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4144535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4144535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4144535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79868.975857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79868.975857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79868.975857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79868.975857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515827                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515827                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40200328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40200328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40200328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40200328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77868.979731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77868.979731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77868.979731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77868.979731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     515999                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3617338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3617338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       515979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           515979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41217550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41217550000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4133317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4133317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79882.223889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79882.223889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       515979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       515979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40185594000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40185594000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77882.227765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77882.227765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.532220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4142493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                515999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.028103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.532220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4660790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4660790                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38134158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38189097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38134158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38189097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.935743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73864.153666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.935743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73864.153666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37101902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37155063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37101902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37155063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.939618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71864.157534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.939618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71864.157534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516742                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38134158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38189097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.935743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73864.153666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37101902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37155063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71884.939618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71864.157534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.380251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.165124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.010662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.204466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550296                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550296                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517215                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515827                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66053248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66114624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63992162000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76876251000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91479                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34208076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   111187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1172095254                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7292629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076876                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76876251000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            260009                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7292629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4976343                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19392                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267053                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76876240                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76876240                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1303174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1518433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257227                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714190                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714190                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4715854                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7299548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7299548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836890                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2063776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4987512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4976342                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2311702     31.66%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.15%     31.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264571      3.62%     35.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4711771     64.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7302321                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621029                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39018549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  39063437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39018549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  39063437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62905.140615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62901.147934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62905.140615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62901.147934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       611996                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           611996                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37777997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37821379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37777997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37821379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60905.140615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60901.147934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60905.140615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60901.147934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                612882                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39018549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39063437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62905.140615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62901.147934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37777997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37821379000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60905.140615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60901.147934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619704                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619704                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619704                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619704                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8123.633897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1225015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           612882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.421874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.695310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8117.516712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1861961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1861961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266094                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266094                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.832986                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.306180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.832986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268012                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       611996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1854054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1854054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1854054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     78913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     78913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                78913600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3681009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3268605250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39697664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39745856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     39167744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         39167744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        611996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              611996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             626878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516383974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517010852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        626878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            626878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       509490818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             509490818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       509490818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            626878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516383974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1026501670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    611996.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620276.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36016                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36016                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1841418                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              576670                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      611996                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    611996                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              38274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              38290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              38316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              38282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              38335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              38182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              38162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              38144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              38144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              38211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             38209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             38272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             38272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             38274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             38334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             38272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6761726000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18406019750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10887.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29637.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    556363                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   553032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                611996                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   21170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       123606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.413022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.734439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.638902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15310     12.39%     12.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25281     20.45%     32.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4296      3.48%     36.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3534      2.86%     39.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5354      4.33%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3457      2.80%     46.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4097      3.31%     49.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4475      3.62%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        57802     46.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        123606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.242948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.979190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      40.919692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          36013     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14847     41.22%     41.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              6621     18.38%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14548     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39745856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 39166272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39745856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              39167744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        509.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     509.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76876145000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62347.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39697664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39166272                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 626877.603591777617                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516383974.031199812889                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 509471670.256136655807                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620276                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       611996                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18386236750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1855815497250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29642.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3032398.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             440923560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             234356430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215784760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1597257360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6068340720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18347234100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14070178080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         42974075010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.003261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35937664500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2566980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  38371606500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             441630420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             234728340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2218362300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1597241700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6068340720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18374485800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14047229280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         42982018560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.106590                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35878654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2566980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38430616250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357447                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357447                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620422                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620422                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49565495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49565495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49565495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49565495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4977869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4977869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4977869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4977869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79889.970053                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79889.970053                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79889.970053                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79889.970053                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          619993                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                619993                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48324653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48324653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48324653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48324653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77889.973276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77889.973276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77889.973276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77889.973276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620165                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4346506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4346506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49550207000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49550207000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4966651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4966651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124862                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79901.002185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79901.002185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48309919000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48309919000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77901.005410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77901.005410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.610617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4975821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.610617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598290                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45841819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45896758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45841819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45896758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73903.254097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73885.930739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73903.254097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73885.930739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44601231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44654392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44601231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44654392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71903.257321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71885.933958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71903.257321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71885.933958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620908                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45841819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45896758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73903.254097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73885.930739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44601231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44654392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71903.257321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71885.933958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.484118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.137450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.841280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.505389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1862794                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1862794                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621381                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        619993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1860836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1862754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79386496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79447872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76876251000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89760484000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100904                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34208076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   122540                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    69.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1293885434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089760                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89760484000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301675                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11218                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5811298                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813592                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89760484                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89760484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1511504                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1768431                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298893                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5505850                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5505850                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5507515                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8509499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8509499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801711                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2397106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11170                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5822467                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5811297                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2686698     31.56%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10800      0.13%     31.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307866      3.62%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5503431     64.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8512272                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45580556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45625444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45580556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45625444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62918.070849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62914.638250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62918.070849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62914.638250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       716163                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           716163                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44131670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44175052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44131670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44175052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60918.070849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60914.638250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60918.070849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60914.638250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                717049                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45580556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45625444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59612.217795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62918.070849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62914.638250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44131670000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44175052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.847019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57612.217795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60918.070849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60914.638250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723871                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723871                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8133.447177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.361318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.877804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8128.208054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812633                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812633                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63978.102190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61978.102190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11275.904067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814551                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       716163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2166555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2166555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2166555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92246976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4306011000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3816836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46364352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46412544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     45834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         45834432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              753                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        716163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              716163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             536896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516534113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              517071009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        536896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            536896                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       510630402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             510630402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       510630402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            536896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516534113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1027701410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    716163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001747998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         42146                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         42146                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2151714                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              674827                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      716163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    716163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             44800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             44800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             44802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             44862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             44800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7905694500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3625980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21503119500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10901.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29651.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    649677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   647161                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                716163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   16793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   24776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   42101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   42147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   42425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   42146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   42146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   42146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   42146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   42146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       144493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     638.405016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.709995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.647150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17899     12.39%     12.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29553     20.45%     32.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5017      3.47%     36.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4132      2.86%     39.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6262      4.33%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4040      2.80%     46.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4789      3.31%     49.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5233      3.62%     53.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67568     46.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        144493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.206473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.977559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      37.828608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          42143     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          42146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.991790                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.967767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17371     41.22%     41.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7750     18.39%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             17025     40.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          42146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46412544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 45832704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46412544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              45834432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        517.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        510.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     517.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     510.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89760441000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62274.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46364352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     45832704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 536895.500697166426                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516534113.162758767605                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 510611150.447896420956                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724443                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       716163                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19783000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21483336500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2167819195000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26272.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29654.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3026991.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             515629380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             274063515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1869866640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7085569920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21431753190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16420234080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         50185780845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.107734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41938669500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2997280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44824534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             516057780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             274287420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2589235320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1868363280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7085569920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21443390310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16410434400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         50187338430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.125087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41914276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2997280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44848927500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5086608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5086608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5086608                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5086608                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724588                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724588                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57898341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57898341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57898341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57898341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79905.188880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79905.188880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79905.188880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79905.188880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724160                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56449165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56449165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56449165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56449165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77905.188880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.188880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77905.188880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.188880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724332                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55191.335740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53191.335740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5075667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5075667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57883053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57883053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5799978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5799978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79914.640258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79914.640258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724311                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56434431000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56434431000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77914.640258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77914.640258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.666509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.020000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.666509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6535784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6535784                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53549663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53604602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53549663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53604602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73916.557275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.705384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73916.557275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.705384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52100741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52153902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52100741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52153902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71916.557275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.705384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71916.557275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.705384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725075                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53549663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53604602000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61798.650169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73916.557275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.705384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52100741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52153902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59798.650169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71916.557275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.705384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724160                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724160                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.558168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.117720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.720522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.719926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175294                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92719872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92781248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3622940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89760484000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
