
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3865229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 272883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1455420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   476369                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1048426994                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3865229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3865218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3865218                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245807000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66416.373953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64416.373953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.553716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.553716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  580672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           36307750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          205632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          232640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              438272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         205632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           142400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           53200470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60187896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              113388366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          53200470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              36841284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        36841284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          53200470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60187896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             150229650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1545.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3213.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3032.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000557746750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            89                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15647                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1425                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    680                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      54560500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                171654250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8736.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27486.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1285                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     269.292842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.104100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.594000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           523     28.36%     28.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          635     34.44%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     12.96%     75.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          141      7.65%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      4.39%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      2.55%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      2.60%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      1.57%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          101      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       65.258427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.658281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     106.583677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              35     39.33%     39.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     31.46%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             13     14.61%     85.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             4      4.49%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            5      5.62%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.12%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      1.12%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      1.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.011236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.980027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.038950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                44     49.44%     49.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      3.37%     52.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                39     43.82%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      3.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             89                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  399680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    96896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   438272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                142400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     113.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      36.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3830641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      422202.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       205632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       194048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        96896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 53200470.140320278704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50203493.764535039663                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25068631.121209118515                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     89441750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     82212500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  34638411750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27837.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22616.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  15567825.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5205060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2766555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17700060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2865780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         497818620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1065032640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1896250155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.591930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2763792250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    972476750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7961100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4231425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26889240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5037300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         882460320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         741123840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1972564665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.335782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1918202500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1818066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    288535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    289836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43401.774970                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43486.271568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41402.075812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41486.571643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42202.216896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40202.216896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44611.480363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141046000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42612.084592                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1301000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74529.411765                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.169184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.169184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    441650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68190.164955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.745875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.866258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    427954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66190.164955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59209.295930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.158271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.361647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.268212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    88.473531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   300.619904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.215368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.172800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.587148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3865229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8025250000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 238460                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1482068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   439274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              954147502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8025250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8025239                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8025239                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60350.263356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    930572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58350.388763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.858521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.858521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  41278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1473408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            42086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           97748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          747136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          421248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1168384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         747136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           305024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           93098159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52490327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              145588486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          93098159                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              38008037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        38008037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          93098159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52490327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183596523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11674.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5464.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           188                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40980                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3012                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     195494000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                516831500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11407.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30157.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.233116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.757601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.149993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2943     42.56%     42.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2306     33.35%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          803     11.61%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          349      5.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          158      2.28%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           98      1.42%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           76      1.10%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.65%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          137      1.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       90.031915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.527695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     111.229584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              56     29.79%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             46     24.47%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             34     18.09%     72.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      7.98%     80.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           13      6.91%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            6      3.19%     90.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            5      2.66%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.53%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      1.60%     95.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.53%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      1.60%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.06%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.53%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.990443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.028770                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                92     48.94%     48.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.66%     51.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     45.74%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1096832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    71552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   204800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1168384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                305024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        136.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     145.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      38.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7998839000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      347443.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       747136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       349696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       204800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 93098158.935858696699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43574468.085106387734                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25519454.222609888762                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4766                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    356465000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    160366500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 193310707750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30534.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24364.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40560366.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23055060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12254055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             54142620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9041040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1895272800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1485676800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4112521575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         512.447784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3839480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3917969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26318040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13988370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68222700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7662960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      633079200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2240305770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1195122720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4184699760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.441670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3081978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    267800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4675471500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    561407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    568095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39918.017634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40074.421558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    539743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37918.017634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38074.421558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    327475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39138.878929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37138.878929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    233932000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41062.313498                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222538000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39062.313498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6464000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57714.285714                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.710050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.710050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    827969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414465000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1242434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70918.115632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62969.462170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68052.473024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    804621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1205922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68918.286938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60969.462170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66052.582571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.912946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.691231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   173.850153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.371563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.339551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8025250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12419434000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 167043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1500152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   314536                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              691510170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012419                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12419434000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12419423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12419423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1773395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58671.177132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1712943000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56671.177132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.616209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.616209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2378816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61661000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          166485250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          620352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1986944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1366592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           391872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            21353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          110036577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49950102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              159986679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         110036577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31553129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31553129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         110036577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49950102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             191539808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4148.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     21353.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005129820750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                68220                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6123                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6123                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1518                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     342113250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   147640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                895763250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11586.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30336.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6123                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    29514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.090638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.738576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    180.879718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5423     44.85%     44.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3882     32.10%     76.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1337     11.06%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          698      5.77%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          262      2.17%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      1.31%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          101      0.84%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.50%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12092                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.560166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.168124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     140.686403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              57     23.65%     23.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             51     21.16%     44.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             41     17.01%     61.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.96%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           20      8.30%     80.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      3.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      2.90%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.24%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.83%     88.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      1.66%     90.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      1.24%     91.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.90%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.24%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.83%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.41%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            2      0.83%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.095436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.065363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.014078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               108     44.81%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      2.90%     47.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               121     50.21%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1889792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    97152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   263680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1986944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                391872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        152.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     159.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12418979000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      334121.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1366592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       523200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       263680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 110036576.546080917120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42127523.685862012208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21231241.294893149287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6123                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    649333250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    246430000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 294297619250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30409.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25423.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48064285.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34286280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18223590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82774020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10121580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3269812980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2015536320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6411105570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.215600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5204027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6800706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52050600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27665550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128055900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11384820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3964437210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1430589600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6594534480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.985106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3675572000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8329162000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    828449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    837329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41428.664300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41556.851457                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    788457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    797033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39428.764315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39556.950717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    552247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41980.007602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39980.159635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40368.605671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38368.605671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8880000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8576000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56421.052632                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.874084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.874084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1511715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2133770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70796.375217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64169.073654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68727.091184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1469009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    602669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2071678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68796.375217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62169.279967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66727.155603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.066638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.570758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.408180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   215.087700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.401188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.420093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12419434000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17433183000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 163097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1516728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   308773                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              710798673                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7573009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017433                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17433183000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871755                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7573009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972807                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      532018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195317                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           725                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17433172                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17433172                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243725                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453068                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635513                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261362                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174575                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387582                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14672682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971515                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531672                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31579      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806984     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13869      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81850      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     740      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19138      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9764      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849055     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493091      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122460      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7573046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144399                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50918                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50918                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2951541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2951541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57966.554067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57966.554067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57966.554067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57966.554067                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55966.593346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55966.593346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55966.593346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55966.593346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50661                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2951541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2951541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57966.554067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57966.554067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2849707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2849707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55966.593346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55966.593346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.014184                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5176003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.169381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.014184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246234                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       105719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       105719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 105719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3635136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3635136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3635136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            88315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          262316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2288704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          842176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3130880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2288704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2288704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           504256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            35761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7879                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          131284344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48308791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              179593136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     131284344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         131284344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28925068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28925068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28925068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         131284344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48308791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             208518203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5602.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     35761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           327                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           327                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106102                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5247                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7879                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7879                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2277                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     528678000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   234890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1409515500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11253.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30003.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4601                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7879                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    46964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.883404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.987654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.729561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8148     43.34%     43.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6208     33.02%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2098     11.16%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1138      6.05%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          510      2.71%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          249      1.32%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      0.77%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.45%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          220      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      143.045872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.002822                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     537.737216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            316     96.64%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      2.45%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.61%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.039755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.009577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.015951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               155     47.40%     47.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      3.36%     50.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               154     47.09%     97.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3006592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   124288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   356608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3130880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                504256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        172.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     179.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17432043000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      306907.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2288704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       717888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       356608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 131284344.344919681549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41179399.080477729440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20455702.208827842027                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        35761                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13159                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7879                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1065138500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    344377000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 424449534000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29784.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26170.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53870990.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              52386180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27843915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            132239940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14005260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1375564320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5177465610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2334371520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9113876745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.789025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6015592250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    581880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10835710750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              81860100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              43502085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            203182980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15080580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1375564320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5972678880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1664718240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9356587185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         536.711350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4264318750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    581880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12586984250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1476963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1476963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477821                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477821                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26967                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1132560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1142097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42254.971458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42254.971458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42351.652019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42351.652019                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11924                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11924                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1078954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1088163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40254.971458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40254.971458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40351.652019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40351.652019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    815039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42746.053391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42746.053391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40746.053391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40746.053391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    317521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       531981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         531981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41044.596691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41044.596691                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302049000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39044.596691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39044.596691                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9537000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9537000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56152.439024                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.485494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.464303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.485494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531755                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28964                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3364719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3364719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.628118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.628118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70159.498909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68778.622677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70159.498909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68778.622677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7879                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68159.554835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66778.663560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68159.554835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66778.663560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54566                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2509044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3364719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.628118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70159.498909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65025.837830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68778.622677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2437522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3266879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.702345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68159.554835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63025.837830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66778.663560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11924                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.197865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.630503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.398561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   229.205216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.594088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.162888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.447666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144887                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11924                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2489024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5747712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17433183000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22884578000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 167417                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1528388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   313013                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              766244092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022885                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22884578000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057146                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236351                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685201                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535535                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1488                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22884578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22884578                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186745                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991797                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323569                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214661                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112749                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18192676                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429715                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235059                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1919875                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684816                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32843      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125654     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17345      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82249      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2244      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22344      0.24%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10560      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098077     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636868      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136982      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348428                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   316                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6459840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6459840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6459840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6459840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75695                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4515445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4515445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.147500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.147500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75439                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6459840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6459840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4515445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4515445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59653.147500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59653.147500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4364055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4364055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57653.147500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57653.147500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.249018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6535535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.340379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.249018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611230                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               74023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              74023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       159736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       159736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 159736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5485632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5485632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5485632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           132473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          396131750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3596864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1140608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4737472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3596864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3596864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            56201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                74023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11690                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          157174146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49841776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              207015921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     157174146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         157174146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        32692759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              32692759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        32692759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         157174146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49841776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             239708681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8294.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     56201.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005947848500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           485                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           485                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               159475                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7787                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        74023                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11690                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      74023                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11690                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3396                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     750256500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   355555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2083587750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10550.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29300.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     46301                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6861                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  74023                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11690                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    71097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        26215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.784627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.465404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    198.948989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10967     41.83%     41.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8468     32.30%     74.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3018     11.51%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1537      5.86%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          815      3.11%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          479      1.83%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          303      1.16%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.67%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          453      1.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         26215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      146.348454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      85.309545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     445.492990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            471     97.11%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           11      2.27%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.41%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.045361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.015421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.011302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               227     46.80%     46.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      3.92%     50.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               229     47.22%     97.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      2.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4551104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   186368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   529088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4737472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        198.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         23.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     207.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      32.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22884240000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      266986.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3596864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       954240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       529088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 157174145.837428152561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41697950.471273712814                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 23119849.533602938056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17822                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11690                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1616393000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    467194750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 558140663250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28760.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26214.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  47745138.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              69165180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36762165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            187931940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15712200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1806426960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6993440010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2898465600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12007904055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         524.715992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7464455000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    764140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14655983000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             118017060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62723760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            319800600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            27441540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1806426960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8207867190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1875790080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12418067190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.639117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4792884500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    764140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17327553500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885511                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885511                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36004                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1525234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1525234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1537015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42612.633755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42612.633755                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42690.117765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42690.117765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16483                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16483                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1453648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1453648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1465007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40612.633755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40612.633755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40690.117765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40690.117765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35748                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1106424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1106424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43033.098674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43033.098674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41033.098674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41033.098674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418810000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    418810000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41540.368974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41540.368974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398646000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39540.368974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39540.368974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     11781000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11359000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53834.123223                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.846268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1921515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 36004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 53.369487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.846268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957519                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             74023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            74023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5041659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5041659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69121.866159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.357902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69121.866159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.357902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67121.866159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.357902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67121.866159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.357902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     83040                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            74023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3884718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5041659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69121.866159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64916.451577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68109.357902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4893613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67121.866159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62916.451577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66109.357902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.865369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 128182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                83552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.909483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   270.838256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.117630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.528981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.316636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211734                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211734                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88491                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3359168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4844480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8203648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22884578000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
