
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3869539000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 613773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 793520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1189414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     1.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2371064051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001573                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1941082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3869539000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238917                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1941082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211979                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370024                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3869532                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3869532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1245528                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              594601                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185464                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17434                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17434                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26650                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21762                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1922626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1922626                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3789748                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1559764                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368486                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7183      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1529627     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10934      0.56%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11235      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1080      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2484      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10004      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209436     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156458      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2440      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1941187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1364093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1364093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1364093                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1364093                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5931                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5931                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16194.065082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16194.065082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16194.065082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16194.065082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14194.065082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14194.065082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14194.065082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14194.065082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5598                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1364093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1364093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16194.065082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16194.065082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14194.065082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14194.065082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               329.569853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  226385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.440336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   329.569853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.643691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.643691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1375955                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1375955                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total         9052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       283392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       283392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  283392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4421    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           23918750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           33536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              282944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8666665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64454190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73120855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8666665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8666665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          115776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                115776                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          115776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8666665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64454190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73236631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         5.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       524.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3895.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9837                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      57582000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                140438250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13030.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31780.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1843                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  41.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     7                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     109.803189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     92.581012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     95.355832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1519     59.08%     59.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          875     34.03%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          126      4.90%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           20      0.78%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      0.39%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.23%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.16%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.16%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  282816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   282944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3863731000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      872567.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        33536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       249280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8666665.460665985942                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64421110.628423698246                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          524                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3897                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            7                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     13832250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    126606000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26397.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32488.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     41.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9417660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4998015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16978920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1089142890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         568730400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1994129325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.340283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1467195750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2273383250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8974980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4758930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14572740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      304861440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1037633130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         612107040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1982908260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.440438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1580341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2160237750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           363732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               363732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          363732                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              363732                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4753                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4753                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    305271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    305271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64227.014517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64227.014517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64227.014517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64227.014517                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3947                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3947                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    295767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62227.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62227.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62227.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62227.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       4240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          211037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              211037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48346.439957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48346.439957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46346.439957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46346.439957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         152695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             152695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3812                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259777000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    259777000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68147.166842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68147.166842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66147.691501                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66147.691501                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               475.429474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  341411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  4240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 80.521462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   475.429474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.928573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.928573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                373237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               373237                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4422                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    305809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    305809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.413890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.413890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.458015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69884.299641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69156.264134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.458015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69884.299641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69156.264134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks              7                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                    7                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    296967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.458015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67884.812724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67156.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.458015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67884.812724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67156.716418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       202                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3947                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         3307                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           3307                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234356000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    234356000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3812                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.867524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70866.646507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70866.646507                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3307                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3307                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227744000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227744000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68867.251285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68867.251285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5407                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          350                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5757                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          591                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1115                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33400000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38053000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     71453000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          941                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628055                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.162253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.458015                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64387.478849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64083.408072                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          591                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1115                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32352000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36871000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69223000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.458015                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62387.478849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62083.408072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             2439.698735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   2617                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                12.955446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.005165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   409.257757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2030.435813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.148907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.257874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                24949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               24949                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                6872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3947                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict              5891                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               3812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              3811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           6872                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   31205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       556736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       379584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   936320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            29655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             36310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            23760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3869539000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7678472000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 612100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1186034                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2348757874                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000956                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3877294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007678                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7678472000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477332                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3877294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423619                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2737595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7678465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7678465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187739                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34219                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34219                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52267                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29265                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43334                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3840796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3840796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7571616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3116599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423416                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735881                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312465                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14290      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3055687     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21973      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22554      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2159      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4842      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19915      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418618     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312313      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4798      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3877455                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2726266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2726266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2726266                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2726266                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11329                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11329                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2737595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2737595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13769.794333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.794333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13769.794333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.794333                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11769.794333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.794333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11769.794333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.794333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10996                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2726266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2726266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2737595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2737595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13769.794333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13769.794333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11769.794333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11769.794333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               331.271390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  467863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 42.548472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   331.271390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.647014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.647014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2748924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2748924                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        16518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       514816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       514816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  514816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              8030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    8030    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                8030                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           43545750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          479872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              513920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4434216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           62495767                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               66929983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4434216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4434216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          116690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                116690                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          116690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4434216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          62495767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67046673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        12.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18042                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8030                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8030                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        6.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111510250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                262035250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13890.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32640.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  36.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8030                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    14                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     100.862191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     87.788502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     76.664683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3233     63.47%     63.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1593     31.27%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          210      4.12%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           25      0.49%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           12      0.24%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.12%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.08%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.08%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  513792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   513920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      66.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7672243000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      953784.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        34048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       479744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4434215.557470288128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 62479097.403754286468                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          532                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7498                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           14                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14119750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    247915500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33064.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     36.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17914260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9521655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28360080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      606035040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2109423510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1172176800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3943431345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.569802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3025227000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    256360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4396885000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18456900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9810075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28959840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      606035040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2089410240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1189030080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3941702175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.344605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3069353500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    256360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4352758500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          726693                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              726693                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9231                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9231                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    592729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    592729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64210.703066                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64210.703066                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64210.703066                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64210.703066                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8166                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8166                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62210.919727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62210.919727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62210.919727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62210.919727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8718                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          421854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              421854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46402.494331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46402.494331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44402.494331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44402.494331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         304839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             304839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7467                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7467                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510875000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    510875000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023909                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68417.704567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68417.704567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7467                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495943000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023909                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66417.972412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66417.972412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               493.570412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  706469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.035673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   493.570412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                745154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               745154                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    562521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    562521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           20560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          20560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.390613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.390613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63887.218045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70480.464062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70043.705641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63887.218045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70480.464062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70043.705641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks             14                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                   14                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    546461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61887.218045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68480.730764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68043.954676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61887.218045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68480.730764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68043.954676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       448                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8166                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8166                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              990                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         6477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           6477                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461067000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    461067000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7467                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.867417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.270959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71185.270959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         6477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448115000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448115000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.867417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69185.579744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69185.579744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11539                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          532                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1554                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67466000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    101454000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11329                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        13093                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579365                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.118689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63887.218045                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66013.698630                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65285.714286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          532                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1554                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32924000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65422000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.046959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.579365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61887.218045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64013.698630                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63285.714286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4168.830333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   4744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                10.589286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.002763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   319.631651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3849.195919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.019509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.234936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.254445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.463196                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                48311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               48311                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             11548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               7467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              7466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          13093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        33654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1113344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       725056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1838400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            56645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             72938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7678472000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11487650000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 611188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1184203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2339243813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001364                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5815410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011488                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11487650000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715757                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5815410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635650                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468608                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4106459                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11487643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11487643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3732093                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1781152                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51034                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51034                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77930                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64946                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5760836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5760836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11357993                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4675076                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      635347                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1103954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468607                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21410      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4582886     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33040      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33894      0.58%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3240      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7204      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29844      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   628187     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468455      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7160      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5815626                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4089724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4089724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4089724                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4089724                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16735                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16735                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    216151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    216151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    216151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    216151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4106459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4106459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4106459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4106459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12916.103974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.103974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12916.103974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.103974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    182681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    182681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10916.103974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10916.103974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10916.103974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10916.103974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      16402                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4089724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4089724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    216151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4106459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4106459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12916.103974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12916.103974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10916.103974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10916.103974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               331.844578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  709688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 16402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 43.268382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   331.844578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.648134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.648134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4123194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4123194                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        23790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       745088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       745088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  745088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   11621    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12253000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           63035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          709056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              743744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3019591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61723329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               64742920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3019591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3019591                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          116995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                116995                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          116995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3019591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61723329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64859915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       542.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11076.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26207                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        9.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     162382500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                380220000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13976.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32726.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  35.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      99.325675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.842559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     71.855764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4859     64.91%     64.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2202     29.41%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          348      4.65%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      0.51%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           18      0.24%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.08%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.05%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.05%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  743552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   743744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         64.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      64.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11481468000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      986210.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        34688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       708864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3019590.603822365869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61706615.365196533501                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          542                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11079                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14444750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    365775250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26650.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33015.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     35.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26796420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14242635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41340600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      906594000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3160665390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1749644640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5899283685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.532679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4515446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    383500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6588704000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26653620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14166735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41611920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      906594000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3103856910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1797483360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5890366545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.756442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4640848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    383500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6463302000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1090298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1090298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1090298                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1090298                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13744                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13744                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    876424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    876424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1104042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1104042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1104042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1104042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63767.753201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63767.753201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63767.753201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63767.753201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12445                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12445                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    848938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    848938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61767.898719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61767.898719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61767.898719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61767.898719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13231                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          633057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              633057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44483.024691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44483.024691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    110116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42483.024691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42483.024691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11152                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    761124000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    761124000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023809                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        68250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        68250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023809                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66250.179340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66250.179340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               499.681460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1084622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.975814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.681460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1117785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1117785                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           16193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          16193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2664                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    815097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    815097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.806170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.381312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.806170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.381312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70434.025271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70133.970057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70434.025271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70133.970057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks             21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                   21                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    791855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    791855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.806170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.806170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68434.205776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68134.142144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68434.205776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68134.142144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       530                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         1500                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1500                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         9652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           9652                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686624000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    686624000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        11152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865495                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.865495                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71138.002487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71138.002487                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         9652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    667322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.865495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69138.209697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69138.209697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16193                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         1164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        17357                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1428                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1970                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93785000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    128473000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16735                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2592                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        19327                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550926                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65675.770308                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65214.720812                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1970                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90929000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124533000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.550926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63675.770308                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63214.720812                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             5882.503869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                28.937736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.022108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   236.172050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5646.309711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.344623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.359040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677673                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                71745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               71745                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             17188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              11152                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             11151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          19327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   90590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1676032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1071040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            83675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            109892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            68715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11487650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15298108000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 610981                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1183826                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2336033240                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001081                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015298                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15298108000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            953951                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752560                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      847674                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624747                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5474303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15298101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15298101                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4974230                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2373967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       740178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67834                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67834                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103570                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58158                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7679841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7679841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15143892                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6233485                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      847271                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1472017                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624746                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28610      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6108741     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44100      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45562      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4320      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9564      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39764      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   837751     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  624594      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9520      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752832                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5452162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5452162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5452162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5452162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          22141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              22141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         22141                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             22141                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    275642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    275642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    275642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    275642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5474303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5474303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5474303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5474303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12449.392530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12449.392530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12449.392530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12449.392530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         22141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10449.392530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10449.392530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10449.392530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10449.392530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21808                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5452162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5452162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         22141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             22141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    275642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5474303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5474303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12449.392530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12449.392530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10449.392530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10449.392530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               332.132371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  951476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 43.629677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   332.132371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.648696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.648696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5496444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5496444                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             12827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            12827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        31465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             15225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   15225    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               15225                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           82631250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          939712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              974400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 238                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2267470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61426681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63694151                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2267470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2267470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          995679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                995679                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          995679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2267470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61426681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64689830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       235.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       542.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14678.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.026002286500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34597                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 204                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15225                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         238                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       238                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       12.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     217195750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                502570750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14270.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33020.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5233                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      172                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  34.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15225                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   238                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      98.481659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.168968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     72.253153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6595     65.74%     65.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2896     28.87%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          443      4.42%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           44      0.44%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      0.23%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.07%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.08%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.06%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1170.384615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     125.460788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3791.357816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             11     84.62%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.692308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.668040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.947331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.69%     69.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     30.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  974080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   974400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15291919000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      988936.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        34688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       939392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2267469.938112608623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61405763.379366911948                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 907824.680019254680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          542                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14683                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          238                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14444750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    488126000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 191597603000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26650.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33244.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 805031945.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     34.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              36421140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19358295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55484940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              772560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1207152960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4217840970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2322607680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7859638545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.765398                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5993988000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    510640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8793480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35207340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18713145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53185860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              360180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1207152960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4122815700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2402628960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7840064145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.485867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6203282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    510640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8584186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1454036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1454036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1454036                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1454036                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1163799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1163799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1163799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1163799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1472149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1472149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1472149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1472149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64252.139347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64252.139347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64252.139347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64252.139347                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62252.249765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62252.249765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62252.249765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62252.249765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17600                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          844255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              844255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       847673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          847673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43825.921592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43825.921592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41825.921592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41825.921592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         609781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             609781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1014002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       624476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         624476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69003.198367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69003.198367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    984614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    984614000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67003.334468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67003.334468                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               502.749766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1436339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.610170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.749766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1490261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1490261                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               25028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              25028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             15226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            15226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1072353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1072353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           40254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          40254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.810688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.378248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.810688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.378248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70666.371561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70429.068698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70666.371561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70429.068698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks            238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                  238                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1008299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1008299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.810688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.810688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68666.507764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68429.200053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68666.507764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68429.200053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                       969                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           46                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         1867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1867                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        12828                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          12828                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916379000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    916379000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14695                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.872950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.872950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71435.843467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71435.843467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        12828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890725000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.872950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69435.999376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69435.999376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21599                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         1562                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        23161                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         1856                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34688000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121286000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    155974000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        25559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.543008                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65348.060345                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65043.369475                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          542                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1856                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2398                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33604000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117574000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151178000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.543008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        62000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63348.060345                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63043.369475                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             7607.721746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  18696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                19.294118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.972185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.326565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7416.422996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.452663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.464338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.874329                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                94956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               94956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               25559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             22826                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              14695                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             14694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          25559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        66090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  119915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1417024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3637440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           110705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            145990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            90560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15298108000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19119567000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 610004                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 794180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1181949                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2332561108                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9688189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019120                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19119567000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1191967                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9688189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1059449                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6841125                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19119567                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19119567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6215678                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2966404                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       924785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84640                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84640                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129218                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108142                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9597326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9597326                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18926725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7790662                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1058945                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1839716                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780771                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35809      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7633440     78.79%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55157      0.57%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57230      0.59%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5400      0.06%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11926      0.12%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49686      0.51%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1047063     10.81%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  780619      8.06%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11882      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9688518                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.invTick                        0                       # Ticks taken to invalidate
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6813585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6813585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6813585                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6813585                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          27540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              27540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         27540                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             27540                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    335758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    335758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6841125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6841125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12191.648511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12191.648511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12191.648511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12191.648511                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10191.648511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10191.648511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10191.648511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10191.648511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      27207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6813585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6813585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         27540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             27540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6841125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6841125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12191.648511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12191.648511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 10191.648511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10191.648511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               332.305785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6841125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 27540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                248.406863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 81000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   332.305785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.649035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.649035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.650391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6868665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6868665                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        40816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1341312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1341312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1341312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18916    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          102736000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           35328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1175296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1210624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        35328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          35328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       130688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           130688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2042                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1847741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61470848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63318589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1847741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1847741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6835301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6835301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6835301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1847741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61470848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              70153890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2039.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       552.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18358.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.026002286500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           119                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           119                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                44699                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1894                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2042                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2042                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     280143500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    94550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                634706000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14814.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33564.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1487                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  33.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2042                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     101.842081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.680013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     90.176764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8702     66.20%     66.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3688     28.05%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          547      4.16%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      0.44%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.34%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.19%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.27%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.17%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      158.764706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.373585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1260.447954                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            117     98.32%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.84%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      0.84%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.915966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.887576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.987891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                62     52.10%     52.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      5.04%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                50     42.02%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1210240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   128832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1210624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                130688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19116598000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      912138.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        35328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1174912                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       128832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1847740.589522764785                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61450764.026193685830                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6738227.910705300048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18364                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2042                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14824750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    619881250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 282205669250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26856.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33755.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 138200621.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     37.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              48002220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              25506195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             68486880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5940360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1508941200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5271509910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2902747680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9831134445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.192316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7491147000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    638300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10990120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45881640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24382875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66530520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4567500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1508941200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5183834220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2976579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9810717795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.124476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7684082500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    638300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10797184500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1817277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1817277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1817277                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1817277                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          22614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              22614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         22614                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             22614                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1464592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1464592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1464592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1464592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1839891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1839891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1839891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1839891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64764.835942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64764.835942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64764.835942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64764.835942                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20848                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20848                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         22614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62764.835942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62764.835942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62764.835942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62764.835942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1055166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1055166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1059448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1059448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45032.227931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45032.227931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43032.227931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43032.227931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         762111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             762111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1271764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1271764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       780443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         780443                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69373.990836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69373.990836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67373.990836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67373.990836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               504.598626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1839891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.360706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                165000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   504.598626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1862505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1862505                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           26988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          26988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1342697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307253000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1342697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.377158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.377158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64210.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.634938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70982.078664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64210.144928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.634938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70982.078664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2042                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2042                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1270525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1270525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.812063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62210.144928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69185.634938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68982.078664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62210.144928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69185.634938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68982.078664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      2927                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20848                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20848                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           57                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         2332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             2332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        16000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          16000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1149953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1149953000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        18332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.872791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.872791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71872.062500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71872.062500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        16000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.872791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69872.062500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69872.062500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26988                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         1918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        28906                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2364                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2916                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35444000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157300000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    192744000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27540                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552078                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64210.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66539.763113                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66098.765432                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          552                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2364                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2916                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34340000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152572000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186912000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.020044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62210.144928                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64539.763113                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64098.765432                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             9163.164086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                19077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 5.210777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.554357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   160.787125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8996.822604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.549122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.559275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985718                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               118540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              118540                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               31822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20848                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict             28461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              18332                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             18332                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          31822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2781568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1762560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4544128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           137700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            182855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           113070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19119567000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
