
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3567933000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 165680                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34203024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   292124                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              591102857                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003568                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3567933000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268405                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      132313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323277                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3567922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3567922                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1414442                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720220                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  48256                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         48256                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48593                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725371                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2891893                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1326055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        160686                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     132311                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1567722     88.91%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      1.60%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      4.80%     97.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47643      2.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8208                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    470271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    470271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57150.884086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57294.225146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57150.884086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57294.225146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          146                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              146                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55150.884086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55294.225146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55150.884086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55294.225146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   701                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    470271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57150.884086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57294.225146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55150.884086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55294.225146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7060                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7060                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7060                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7060                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1829.263400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.423680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.259180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   334.496080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1481.508140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.040832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.180848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.223299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.919189                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322524                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322524                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.183478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.183478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324030                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       534656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       534656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  534656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43345500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          488640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              525312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         9344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             9344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 146                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10278220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          136953244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              147231464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10278220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10278220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2618883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2618883                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2618883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10278220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         136953244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             149850348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       146.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7634.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17468                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 120                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8208                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         146                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       146                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        4.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      43230250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                197111500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       5267.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24017.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      111                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   146                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     513.481196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    358.134455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.511600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            91      8.78%      8.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          247     23.82%     32.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          226     21.79%     54.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           35      3.38%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           58      5.59%     63.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      1.35%     64.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      2.12%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      1.54%     68.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          328     31.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      986.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      45.378396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2694.880752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              7     87.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  525248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     8192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   525312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  9344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        147.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     147.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3567819000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427079.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       488576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         8192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10278219.910519620404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 136935306.800884425640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2296007.240046267398                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7635                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          146                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    182283500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  16875930500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23874.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 115588565.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4683840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2489520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32665500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      281505120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1187677080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         369937440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1879475280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.768658                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    949989500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2498863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2727480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1445895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25932480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              151380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      281505120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         347776380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1077222240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1736760975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.769504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2795751750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    653101250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           152837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               152837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          152837                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              152837                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7760                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7760                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    561037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    568384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       160499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           160499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       160597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          160597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.048320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73223.309841                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73223.309841                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73245.360825                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73245.360825                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7319                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7319                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    552866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71223.570869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71223.570869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71245.618557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71245.618557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7503                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         124780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             124780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    549202000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       132215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         132215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73867.114997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73867.114997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534334000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534334000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056234                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71867.383995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71867.383995                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.864300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.131281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.864300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                168356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               168356                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    563913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    563913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67499.611701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66601.275540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67499.611701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66601.275540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7060                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7060                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    546981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65499.870567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64601.511752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65499.870567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64601.511752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8782                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521502000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994596                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67499.611701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66601.275540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65499.870567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64601.511752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7319                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7319                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              483.641039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.715213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.891033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.962394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.787612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.095630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.944611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25126                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1013184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            38795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3567933000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19698811000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  77355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34203732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   145551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              761885580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019699                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19698811000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411262                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1277401                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4691                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754079                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19698800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19698800                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2128727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1193344                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1193344                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1193681                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727601                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7470013                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2040340                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1305774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1277399                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2424864     64.40%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.75%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      2.25%     68.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1192731     31.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151065                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9277054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   9310978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9277054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   9310978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61644.831619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61635.574091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61644.831619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61635.574091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       142202                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           142202                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8976070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9008848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8976070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9008848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59644.831619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59635.574091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59644.831619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59635.574091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                142896                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9277054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9310978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61644.831619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61635.574091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8976070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9008848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59644.831619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59635.574091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       149917                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       149917                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       149917                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       149917                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7035.403167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             285368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           142896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.606558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    61.969459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6970.827150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.850931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           452328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          452328                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753326                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753326                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.765362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.765362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2754832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2754832                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       142202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       444332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       444332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 444332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     18769088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     18769088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18769088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           862075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          794715500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9631488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9668160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9100928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9100928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        142202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              142202                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1861635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          488937530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              490799165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1861635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1861635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       462003925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             462003925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       462003925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1861635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         488937530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             952803091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    142202.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150491.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          8886                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          8886                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               440193                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              133754                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151065                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      142202                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151065                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    142202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               8808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               8708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               8739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               8718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               8772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               8908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               8964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              8960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              8969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              8916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              8916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1454002500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   755320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4286452500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9625.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28375.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138268                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   132073                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151065                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                142202                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    8887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    8886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     819.521397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    688.553629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    326.391076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           469      2.05%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2670     11.66%     13.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          713      3.11%     16.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          662      2.89%     19.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          652      2.85%     22.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          609      2.66%     25.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1325      5.79%     31.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1583      6.91%     37.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14217     62.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.999437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.041344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.348845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           8884     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           8886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.021217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8885     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           8886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9668096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9099392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9668160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9100928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        490.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        461.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     490.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     462.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19698747000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67170.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9631424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9099392                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1861635.202246470610                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 488934281.363479256630                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 461925950.759160041809                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150492                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       142202                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4271624500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 416949597500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28384.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2932093.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              83038200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              44132055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            543389700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           373778100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1554424560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5008682340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3346505760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10953950715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.071669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8573944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    657540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10467326250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              80474940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              42773445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535207260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           368391060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1554424560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4157666070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4063151040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10802088375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         548.362456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10445010750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    657540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8596260250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1152836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1152836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1152836                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1152836                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150617                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150617                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11830313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11830313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11837660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11837660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1303355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1303355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1303453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1303453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78596.808376                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78596.808376                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78594.448170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78594.448170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150176                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150176                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11529277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11529277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11536428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11536428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76596.821664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76596.821664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76594.461449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76594.461449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150360                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1124779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1124779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11818478000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11818478000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1275071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1275071                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78636.773747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78636.773747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11517896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11517896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117870                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76636.787055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76636.787055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.345303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1301404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.655254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.345303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1454069                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1454069                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10933636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10976047000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10933636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10976047000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72608.700849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72533.418361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72608.700849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72533.418361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         149917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               149917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10632472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10632472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70608.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70533.431577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70608.714131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70533.431577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151639                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10933636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10976047000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72608.700849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72533.418361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10632472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10673401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70608.714131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70533.431577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.863503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.217602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.868278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.777623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               453697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              453697                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151370                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151369                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  452915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19250688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19298880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            902250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19698811000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35837451000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   134016                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              833346978                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035837                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35837451000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            554119                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2422489                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4184881                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35837440                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35837440                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2843012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1863076                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516361                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2338432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2338432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2338769                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729831                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12048133                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2754625                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2450862                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2422487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3282006     56.90%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.49%     58.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      1.47%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2337819     40.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767816                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        293922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       293922                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18125523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18159447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18125523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18159447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61788.255627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61783.217997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61788.255627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61783.217997                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       285059                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           285059                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       293922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       293922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17538825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17571603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17538825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17571603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59788.255627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59783.217997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59788.255627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59783.217997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                285753                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       293922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18125523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18159447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61788.255627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61783.217997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       293922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17538825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17571603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59788.255627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59783.217997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7556.252150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             571082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           285753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.432749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    34.062820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7520.756580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.918061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           880899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          880899                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184128                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184128                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4184881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4184881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4184881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4184881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4184881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4184881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.321355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.321355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185634                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              293922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             293922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       285059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       872903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       872903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 872903                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37054784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     37054784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37054784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1719217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1546060250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18774336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18811008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18243776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18243776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               293922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        285059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              285059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1023287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523874759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524898046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1023287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1023287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       509070134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             509070134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       509070134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1023287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523874759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1033968180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    285059.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293348.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17814                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17815                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               863662                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              268166                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       293922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      285059                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     293922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    285059                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              17768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              17668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              17699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              17678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              17732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              17868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             17887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             17792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             17801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             17794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             17876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2872562000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1469605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8383580750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9773.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28523.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    269327                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   264729                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 293922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                285059                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   293921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        44903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     825.169989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    697.428100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    322.168641                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           808      1.80%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5221     11.63%     13.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1192      2.65%     16.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1300      2.90%     18.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1250      2.78%     21.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1207      2.69%     24.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2680      5.97%     30.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3156      7.03%     37.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28089     62.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         44903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.498512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.020609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      57.453410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          17813     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.014985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17813     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17814                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18810944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18242496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18811008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18243776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        509.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     509.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35837387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61897.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18774272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18242496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1023287.063580498565                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523872972.996879696846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 509034417.654313623905                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293349                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       285059                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8368752750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 816664631000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28528.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2864896.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             161314020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              85736640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1051593480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           745316820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2828573280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8825386950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6329676480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20027597670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.845485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16216863250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18424067750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             159300540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              84670245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1047002460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           742560660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2828573280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7998833940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7025721120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19886662245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.912855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18033608250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1196520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16607322750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2152835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2152835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2152835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2152835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293474                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293474                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23107351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23107351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23114698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23114698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2446211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2446211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2446309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2446309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78763.603703                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78763.603703                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78762.336698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78762.336698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293033                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22520601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22520601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22527752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22527752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76763.610520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76763.610520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76762.343513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76762.343513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293217                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2124778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2124778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23095516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23095516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2417927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2417927                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78784.222358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78784.222358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22509220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22509220000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76784.229180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76784.229180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.090461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2444260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.336011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.090461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2739782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2739782                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21395943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21395943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72769.670120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72730.540042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72769.670120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72730.540042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20766654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20807583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20766654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20807583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70769.676936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70730.546840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70769.676936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70730.546840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294496                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21353532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21395943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72769.670120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72730.540042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20766654000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20807583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70769.676936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70730.546840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.176616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.066649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.874636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.235331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882268                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294226                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293033                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       879980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37536384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37584576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1759392000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1467365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35837451000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51976115000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70925                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   137651                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              921590293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51976115000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3567577                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13619                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615683                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51976104                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51976104                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3557297                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434504                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659218                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3483520                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3483520                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3483857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7732061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7732061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16626253                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3468910                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3595950                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3567575                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4139148     53.27%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.36%     54.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      1.09%     55.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3482907     44.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7770046                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436779                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26974016000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  27007940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26974016000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  27007940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61837.792236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61834.337274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61837.792236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61834.337274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       427916                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           427916                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26101604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26134382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26101604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26134382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59837.792236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59834.337274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59837.792236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59834.337274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                428610                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26974016000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27007940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61837.792236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61834.337274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26101604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26134382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59837.792236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59834.337274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435631                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435631                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435631                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435631                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7753.652839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             856796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           428610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.987879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.486262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7729.178699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.943503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1309470                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1309470                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5614930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5614930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5614930                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5614930                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5614930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5614930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.532076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.532076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616436                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       427916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1301474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1301474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1301474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55340480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     55340480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55340480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2576359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2297404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27917184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27953856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27386624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27386624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        427916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              427916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             705555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          537115635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              537821190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        705555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            705555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       526907869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             526907869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       526907869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            705555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         537115635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1064729059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    427916.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         26743                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         26743                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1287132                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              402566                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436779                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      427916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436779                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    427916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              26828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              26850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4291146000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2183890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12480733500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9824.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28574.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    400385                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   397377                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436779                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                427916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   26744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   26743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        66905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     827.115701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    700.507718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    320.676585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1147      1.71%      1.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7771     11.61%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1670      2.50%     15.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1938      2.90%     18.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1848      2.76%     21.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1805      2.70%     24.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4035      6.03%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4732      7.07%     37.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        41959     62.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         66905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.332087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.013726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      46.892680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          26741     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          26743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26742    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          26743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27953792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27384960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27953856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27386624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        537.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        526.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     537.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     526.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51976051000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60109.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27917120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27384960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 705554.849568883656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 537114403.413952708244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 526875854.418899893761                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436206                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       427916                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12465905500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1216346399750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28578.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2842488.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             239739780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             127424715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1560739740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1117680300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4102722000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12648560490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9307408800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29104275825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.954814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23845428250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1735500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26395186750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             237969060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             126479760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1557855180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1115905500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4102722000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11831794380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9995211840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28967937720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.331723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25640449000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1735500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24600166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3152834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3152834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3152834                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3152834                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436331                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436331                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34384413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34384413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34391760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34391760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3589067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3589067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3589165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3589165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78821.210225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78821.210225                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78820.345105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78820.345105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          435890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                435890                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33511949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33511949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33519100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33519100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76821.214810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76821.214810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76820.349689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76820.349689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436074                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3124777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3124777                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34372578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34372578000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3560783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3560783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78835.103187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78835.103187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33500568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33500568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76835.107774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76835.107774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.372874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3587116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.372874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4025495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4025495                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31773452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31815863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31773452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31815863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.281861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72798.848155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.281861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72798.848155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30900860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30941789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30900860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30941789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.286445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.852731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.286445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.852731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437353                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31773452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31815863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72825.281861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72798.848155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30900860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30941789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70825.286445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70798.852731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435890                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435890                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.053281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.493447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.361054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.198780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1310839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1310839                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        435890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1308551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55822080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55870272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2616534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2181650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51976115000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                68114875000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80223                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   156647                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1092871423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.068115                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68114875000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4712666                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18085                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         68114864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   68114864                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4271582                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       802075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4628609                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4628609                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4628946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734292                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21204376                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4183195                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4741039                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4712664                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4996290     51.13%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.29%     51.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      0.87%     52.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4627996     47.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772277                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579636                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35822603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35856527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35822603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35856527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       579894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       579894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61863.049444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61860.421023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61863.049444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61860.421023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       570773                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           570773                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34664477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34697255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34664477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34697255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59863.049444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59860.421023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59863.049444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59860.421023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                571467                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35822603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35856527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       579894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61863.049444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61860.421023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34664477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34697255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59863.049444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59860.421023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578488                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578488                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7857.512380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1142510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           571467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.753816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.921558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7838.837006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.956889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1738041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1738041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.642943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.642943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       570773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1730045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1730045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1730045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     73626176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     73626176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                73626176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3433501000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3048748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37060032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37096704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     36529472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         36529472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        570773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              570773                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             538385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          544081333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              544619718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        538385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            538385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       536292139                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             536292139                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       536292139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            538385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         544081333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1080911857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    570773.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35672                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35672                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1710600                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              536981                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579636                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      570773                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    570773                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              35996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              35688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              35588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              35605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              35470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              35524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              35660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              35716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             35712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             35721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             35714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             35796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5709824000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2898175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16577980250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9850.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28600.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    531443                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   530036                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579636                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                570773                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        88909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.089845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    702.064166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.918080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1486      1.67%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10321     11.61%     13.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2149      2.42%     15.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2577      2.90%     18.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2446      2.75%     21.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2404      2.70%     24.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5390      6.06%     30.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6305      7.09%     37.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        55831     62.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         88909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.248963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      40.601967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          35670     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010589                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             35671    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37096640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 36528256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37096704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              36529472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        544.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        536.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     544.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     536.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    68114811000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59209.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37059968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36528256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 538384.603950311895                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 544080393.599782705307                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 536274286.637096464634                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579063                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       570773                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16563152250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1616066326750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28603.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2831364.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             318565380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             169321515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072534940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1491849900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5376870720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16489728360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12270024960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         38188895775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.654274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31434145750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2274480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34406249250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             316252020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             168088140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2066058960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1487485980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5376870720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15648522360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12978408960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         38041687140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.493092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33283396250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2274480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32556998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4152833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4152833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4152833                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4152833                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579188                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579188                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45661569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45661569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45668916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45668916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4731923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4731923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4732021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4732021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78850.556908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78850.556908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78849.900205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78849.900205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578747                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578747                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44503391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44503391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44510542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44510542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76850.560362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76850.560362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76849.903658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76849.903658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     578931                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4124776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4124776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       578863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           578863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45649734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45649734000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4703639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4703639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78861.032749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.032749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       578863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       578863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44492010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44492010000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123067                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76861.036204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76861.036204                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.521462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4729972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                578931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.170183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.521462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5311208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5311208                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            579895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           579895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42193466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42235877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42193466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42235877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          579941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         579941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72853.620971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72833.662991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72853.620971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72833.662991                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578488                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       579895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41035160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41076089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41035160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41076089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70853.624425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70833.666440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70853.624425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70833.666440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           579895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42193466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42235877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         579941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72853.620971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72833.662991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41035160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41076089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70853.624425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70833.666440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578747                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578747                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.514526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1157919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.665729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.564705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.284092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               579941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              579940                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578747                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1738628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74107776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74155968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3473676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2895935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  68114875000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84253167000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89511                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1256920234                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084253                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84253167000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982690                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763248                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5857754                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22549                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477288                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         84253156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   84253156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4985867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577360                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944932                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5773697                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5773697                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5774034                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736522                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25782496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4897480                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5886127                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5857752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5853432     49.71%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.24%     50.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      0.72%     50.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5773084     49.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774507                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722493                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44670724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44704648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44670724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44704648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61877.665115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.544815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61877.665115                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.544815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       713630                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           713630                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43226884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43259662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43226884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43259662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59877.665115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.544815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59877.665115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.544815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                714324                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44670724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44704648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61877.665115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.544815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43226884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43259662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59877.665115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.544815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721345                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721345                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7921.581887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1428224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           714324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.609426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.488769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7906.483692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.966990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2166612                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2166612                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476535                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476535                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.711336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  118112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                230.237817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.711336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478041                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722493                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722493                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       713630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2158616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2158616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2158616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     91911872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     91911872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                91911872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4290643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3800093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46202880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46239552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     45672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         45672320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           721920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        713630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              713630                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             435260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548381523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548816782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        435260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            435260                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       542084311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             542084311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       542084311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            435260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548381523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1090901093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    713630.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    721919.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44600                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44600                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2134069                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              671378                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722493                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      713630                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    713630                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             44672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             44681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             44660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             44628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7128036000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3612460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20674761000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9865.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28615.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    662503                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   662681                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722493                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                713630                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       110909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.689466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    703.014622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.455503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1824      1.64%      1.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12873     11.61%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2626      2.37%     15.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3214      2.90%     18.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3044      2.74%     21.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3001      2.71%     23.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6746      6.08%     30.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7880      7.10%     37.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        69701     62.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        110909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.199126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      36.311467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          44598    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.009470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             44599    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46239488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 45670528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46239552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              45672320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        542.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     542.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    84253103000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58667.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46202816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     45670528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 435259.602763656352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548380762.945088982582                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 542063041.974434018135                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       721920                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       713630                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20659933000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2015737592250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28618.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2824625.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             397248180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             211138620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2583516180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1865278260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6650404800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20323991250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15238276320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         47269853610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.045422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  39037800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2813200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42402167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             394649220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             209761035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575076700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1859724180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6650404800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19470657360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15956873280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         47117146575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.232943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40913949250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2813200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  40526017750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5152832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5152832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5152832                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5152832                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         721947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             721947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722045                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722045                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56938259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56938259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56945606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56945606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5874779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5874779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5874877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5874877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78867.644024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78867.644024                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78867.114931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78867.114931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721604                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721604                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        721947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55494367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55494367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55501518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55501518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76867.646794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76867.646794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76867.117700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76867.117700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721788                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5124775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5124775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56926424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56926424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5846495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5846495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78876.051654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78876.051654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55482986000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55482986000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76876.054426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76876.054426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.613124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5872828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.613124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6596921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6596921                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52613014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52655425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52613014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52655425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.100317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72854.070276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.100317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72854.070276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51168994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51209923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51168994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51209923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.103087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70854.073043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.103087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70854.073043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723067                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52613014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52655425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.100317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72854.070276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51168994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51209923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.103087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70854.073043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721604                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721604                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.799061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.155121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.073448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.570492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2167981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2167981                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721604                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2165693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92393472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92441664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4330818000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3610220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84253167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100391895000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97875                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192440                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1403692291                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100392                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100391895000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125547                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7002842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27013                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908090                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100391895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100391895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5700152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148788                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087789                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6918785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6918785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6919122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4058                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738752                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30360616                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5611765                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28375                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7031215                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7002840                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6710574     48.71%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    28237      0.20%     49.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84668      0.61%     49.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6918172     50.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776737                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            258                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865350                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53519292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53553216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53519292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53553216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61887.968806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.191714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61887.968806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.191714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       856487                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           856487                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51789738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51822516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51789738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51822516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59887.968806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.191714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59887.968806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.191714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                857181                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53519292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53553216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59204.188482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61887.968806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61886.191714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51789738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51822516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.773279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57204.188482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59887.968806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59886.191714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864202                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864202                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864202                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864202                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7965.053567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1729810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           865373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.511456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.159594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7952.382517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.970750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2595183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2595183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62488.711819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60488.711819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.757740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.154050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.757740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9908843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9908843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       856487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2587187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2587187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2587187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    110197568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    110197568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110197568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5147785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4551438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55345728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55382400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     54815168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         54815168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        856487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              856487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             365288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          551296776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              551662064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        365288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            365288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       546011887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             546011887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       546011887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            365288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         551296776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1097673951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    856487.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001985852500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         53529                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         53529                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2557537                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              805793                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      856487                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    856487                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              53480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              53380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              53411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              53390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              53444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              53580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              53632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              53632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              53632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              53636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             53632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             53506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             53504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             53513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             53506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             53588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8546694250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4326745000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24771988000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9876.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28626.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    793560                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   795339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                856487                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   53530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   53530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   53530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       132914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.069985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    703.624287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.157941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2163      1.63%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15425     11.61%     13.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3106      2.34%     15.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3852      2.90%     18.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3641      2.74%     21.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3600      2.71%     23.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8101      6.09%     30.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9454      7.11%     37.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        83572     62.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        132914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.165910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      33.144917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          53527    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          53529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.008644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             53528    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          53529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55382336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 54813824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55382400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              54815168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        551.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        546.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     551.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     546.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100391842000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58305.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55345664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     54813824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 365288.452817829559                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 551296137.999984979630                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 545998499.181632161140                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864777                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       856487                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24757160000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2415457177250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25877.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28628.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2820191.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             475545420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             252750795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3091719960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2236858740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7924553520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24140621760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18221543040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56343593235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.236475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46680857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3352180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50358857250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             473474820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             251657835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086871900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2233893780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7924553520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23311825230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18919476960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56201754045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.823620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  48502634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3352180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48537080250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6152831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6152831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6152831                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6152831                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        864902                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            864902                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68215396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  68215396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68222743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  68222743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7017635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7017635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7017733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7017733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78879.602777                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78879.602777                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78879.159720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78879.159720                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864461                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864461                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       864902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66485790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66485790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66492941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66492941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76879.605090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76879.605090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76879.162032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76879.162032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864645                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               28057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52136.563877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50136.563877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6124774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6124774                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68203561000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68203561000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6989351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6989351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123699                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78886.624326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78886.624326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66474409000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66474409000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76886.626639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76886.626639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7347000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72969.387755                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.675317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7017732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                864901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.675317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7882634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7882634                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        864867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63033009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63075420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63033009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63075420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       864901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       864901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72881.736729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.342252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72881.736729                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.342252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864202                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61303275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61344204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61303275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61344204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70881.736729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.342252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70881.736729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.342252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    865924                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63033009000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63075420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       864901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57234.817814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72881.736729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72868.342252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61303275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61344204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55234.817814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70881.736729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70868.342252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.992121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.808670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.740126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.443325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2596551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2596551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865654                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865654                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864461                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2595769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110679168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110727360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5187959000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4324505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100391895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
