
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5350623000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82197                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   148320                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439688121                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005351                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5350623000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5350612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5350612                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19867                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4672                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24539                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15608                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    990057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    990057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64291.413882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62013.088560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.662737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64291.413882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62013.088560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.662737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4039                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4039                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62291.413882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60013.088560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.662737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62291.413882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60013.088560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.662737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15559                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    990057000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64291.413882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62013.088560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.662737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.328636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62291.413882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60013.088560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61432.662737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1852.177595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.579472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.134913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   684.864862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1031.177819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.066472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.334407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.503505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            65545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           65545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1326600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1326600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33121.941476                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33121.941476                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33121.941476                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33121.941476                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1246496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1246496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31121.941476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31121.941476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31121.941476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31121.941476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1326600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1326600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33121.941476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33121.941476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1246496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31121.941476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31121.941476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.240908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.240908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.977504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.977504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        35255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1257408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35803000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           83952000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          622400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          376512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              998912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       622400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         622400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       258496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           258496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          116322903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70367881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              186690783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     116322903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         116322903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        48311384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              48311384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        48311384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         116322903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70367881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             235002167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3810.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9725.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001231160500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           221                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36053                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3569                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15608                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4039                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15608                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4039                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    229                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     183063000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                471381750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11904.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30654.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9064                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2735                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15608                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4039                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     166.530346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.622919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.757356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3581     48.62%     48.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2376     32.26%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          666      9.04%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          290      3.94%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      2.34%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           91      1.24%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      0.71%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.39%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          108      1.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       69.330317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      53.726024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     108.805266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             142     64.25%     64.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            65     29.41%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.52%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.36%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.140271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.111153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.996931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                93     42.08%     42.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      3.17%     45.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               118     53.39%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  984128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   242432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   998912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                258496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        183.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         45.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     186.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      48.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5349172000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      272264.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       622400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       361728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       242432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 116322902.959150746465                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 67604837.791786119342                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 45309116.340284116566                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9725                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5883                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4039                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    300588250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    170793500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 124704305750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30908.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29031.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30875044.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25554060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13582305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48923280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10215540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      422257680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1907994060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         447907680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2876434605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.588727                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1146745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    178620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4025257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27039180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14367870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60868500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9557820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      422257680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1972354470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         393709440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2900154960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.021922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1004299500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    178620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4167703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    632791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37434.394226                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37434.394226                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37974.436440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37974.436440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    619194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35434.512541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35434.512541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35974.552638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35974.552638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    342197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29609.500735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29609.500735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27609.673791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27609.673791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290594000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    290594000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54347.110529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54347.110529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279900000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279900000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52347.110529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52347.110529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20825000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67613.636364                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67613.636364                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20209000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65613.636364                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65613.636364                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.995338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.995338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1480752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1480752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33471.208435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46444.865479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36882.335359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33471.208435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46444.865479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36882.335359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469162000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469162000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31471.208435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44445.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.385175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31471.208435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44445.054945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.385175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    990480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1480752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33471.208435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46444.865479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36882.335359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469162000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1400458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31471.208435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44445.054945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34882.385175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.494276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.832825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.489945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   174.171506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.465801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.340179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5350623000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10472520000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87072                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34287816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   160058                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500629350                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1821420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010473                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10472520000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            391924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1821420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      414350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           340                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      282943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2439945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10472520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               10472519.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2031557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1201957                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  38128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         38128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       49674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3318150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3318150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6580871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2695536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      414226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        697160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     282934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15514      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2598594     77.61%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.06%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     21134      0.63%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     741      0.02%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2857      0.09%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2444      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7603      0.23%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   411642     12.29%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262269      7.83%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2584      0.08%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20665      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3348261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           47297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35608                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11689                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          47297                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35770                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1508182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    767792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2275974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1508182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    767792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2275974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        83067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63933.107249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63037.110016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63628.012301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63933.107249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63037.110016                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63628.012301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8289                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8289                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2204434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2204434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61933.107249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61037.110016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61628.012301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61933.107249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61037.110016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61628.012301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 38645                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          47297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1508182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    767792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2275974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63933.107249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63037.110016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63628.012301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2204434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.398493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.510285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61933.107249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61037.110016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61628.012301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1947.372450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            40693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.426167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   146.426505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   940.667345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   860.278600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.459310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.420058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           139421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          139421                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2859995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2859995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2859995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2859995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37017.797049                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37017.797049                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37017.797049                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37017.797049                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2705475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2705475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2705475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2705475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35017.797049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35017.797049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35017.797049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35017.797049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      77004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2859995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2859995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37017.797049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37017.797049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2705475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2705475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35017.797049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35017.797049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.057563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2439945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.580960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.057563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2517205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2517205                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        79829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        79829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  79829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2819776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2819776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2819776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            77215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          192561750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1509760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          779520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2289280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1509760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1509760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       530496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           530496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          144163964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74434807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              218598771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     144163964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         144163964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        50656003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              50656003                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        50656003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         144163964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74434807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             269254773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11576.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001231160500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           441                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           441                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                81065                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7113                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35770                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35770                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     428508000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1087870500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12185.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30935.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35770                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.588450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.727181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    164.002624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8302     48.78%     48.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5512     32.38%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1614      9.48%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          704      4.14%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          365      2.14%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          190      1.12%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          102      0.60%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      0.38%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      0.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.687075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      65.931732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.090439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             209     47.39%     47.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           187     42.40%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           36      8.16%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.45%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.91%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.45%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.104308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.075645                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.987653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               191     43.31%     43.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                16      3.63%     46.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               231     52.38%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      0.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2250624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   482752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2289280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                530496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        214.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         46.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     218.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      50.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10472443000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      237691.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1509760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       740864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       482752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 144163964.356238991022                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70743622.356414690614                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 46097023.448033519089                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12180                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8289                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    720758750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    367111750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 249489823000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30553.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30140.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30098904.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              59583300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31669275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            110570040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21569040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      826690800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3956833410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         689472000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5696387865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.936690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1755274000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    349440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8367806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              61946640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              32925420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            140515200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17805420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      826690800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4065702840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         597792480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5743378800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         548.423760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1516258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    349440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8606821500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1349823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1349823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1409122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1409122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36985.505261                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.505261                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37098.754706                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37098.754706                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1333156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1333156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34985.505261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34985.505261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35098.754706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35098.754706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    927149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    927149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34037.556445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34037.556445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32037.556445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32037.556445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422674000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    422674000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45659.933024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45659.933024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43659.933024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43659.933024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59299000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     59299000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39878.278413                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39878.278413                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56325000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56325000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37878.278413                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37878.278413                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.975778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  697227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 18.356291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.975778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                735210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               735210                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               32176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              32176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             83067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            83067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2230576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3284305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2230576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3284305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37679.921619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44146.340442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39538.023523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37679.921619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44146.340442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39538.023523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2112180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2112180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35679.921619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42146.340442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37538.023523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35679.921619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42146.340442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37538.023523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              32176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            83067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2230576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3284305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37679.921619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44146.340442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39538.023523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2112180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35679.921619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42146.340442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37538.023523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.697934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.401280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.888278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   284.950861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   146.858795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.556545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.286834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               229620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              229620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         18753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  249239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8575744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            209008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10472520000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
