
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6789483000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199038                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1341696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   359145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1351299815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006789                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6789483000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6789472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6789472                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2530182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2530182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60351.636294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60351.636294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2446336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2446336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58351.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58351.684000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.855940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.855940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  92142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3190784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            80136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          226834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2036864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          669440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2706304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2036864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2036864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       484480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           484480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            31826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                42286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7570                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          300002813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           98599555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              398602368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     300002813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         300002813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        71357421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              71357421                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        71357421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         300002813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          98599555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             469959789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6505.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     31826.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9596.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000569726750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           387                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           387                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                91852                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6099                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        42286                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7570                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      42286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7570                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1065                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     442501000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   207110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1219163500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10682.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29432.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     26589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  42286                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7570                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    41416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     187.940870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.025102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.850528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7098     43.54%     43.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4863     29.83%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1911     11.72%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1256      7.70%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          532      3.26%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          264      1.62%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          128      0.79%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.45%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.731266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.831469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.941802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              45     11.63%     11.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             78     20.16%     31.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             87     22.48%     54.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            66     17.05%     71.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           41     10.59%     81.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           26      6.72%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           12      3.10%     91.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           15      3.88%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      2.07%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.52%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.52%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.26%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.26%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.26%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.739018                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.711657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.969270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               240     62.02%     62.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                13      3.36%     65.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               129     33.33%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2651008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    55296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   414592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2706304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                484480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        390.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     398.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      71.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6788050000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      136153.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2036864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       614144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       414592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 300002813.174434661865                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 90455193.716517150402                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61063854.199207805097                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7570                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    901908000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    317255500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 162134095750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28338.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30330.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21417978.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              60054540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31904565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            140979300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18463140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2907293550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         158914560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3852961095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         567.489615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    387599250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6175423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              56427420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29965320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            154773780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15352020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2919404340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         148716000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3859990320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.524926                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    361269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6201753250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    867996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    867996000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    887801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    887801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52862.119367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52862.119367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53155.370614                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53155.370614                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    835156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50862.119367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50862.119367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51155.370614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51155.370614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    553383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50143.439652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50143.439652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48143.439652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48143.439652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314613000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58434.806835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58434.806835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56434.806835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56434.806835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19805000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68230.496454                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.463164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.463164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2186318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2917551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68693.813429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69907.552581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68994.040722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2122666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2832979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66693.876269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67907.552581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66994.088018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.079548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.346557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.044195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   179.688796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.453211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.350955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6789483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14278701000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 185537                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1372896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   339324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1324580137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014279                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14278701000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14278690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14278690                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5449687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5449687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61440.230442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61440.230442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5272289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5272289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59440.230442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59440.230442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.029511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.029511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               92381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              92381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 200650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6929216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           171821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          495673250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4418688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1493696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5912384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4418688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4418688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1016832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1016832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            69042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                92381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         15888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               15888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          309460083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          104610076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              414070159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     309460083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         309460083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        71213201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              71213201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        71213201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         309460083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         104610076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             485283360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     13670.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     69042.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000569726750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           815                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           815                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               199320                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               12852                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        92381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       15888                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      92381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     15888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              11062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              8776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     971076250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   450990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2662288750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10766.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29516.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     57634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  92381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 15888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    90191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.025706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.239046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.110595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15626     43.29%     43.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11323     31.37%     74.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4144     11.48%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2487      6.89%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1128      3.12%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          581      1.61%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          298      0.83%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.48%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          338      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      110.657669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.429364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      66.494162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              47      5.77%      5.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            132     16.20%     21.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            201     24.66%     46.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           187     22.94%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          108     13.25%     82.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           65      7.98%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           28      3.44%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           21      2.58%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.84%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.37%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.37%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.748466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.720977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.970977                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               500     61.35%     61.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                32      3.93%     65.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               271     33.25%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      1.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            815                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5772672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   139712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   873600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5912384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1016832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        404.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     414.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      71.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14278581000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      131880.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4418688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1353984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       873600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 309460083.238664388657                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 94825432.649650692940                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61182036.096981093287                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        15888                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1950560250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    711728500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 344078501000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28251.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30495.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21656501.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             137530680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              73084110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            303964080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            46170900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1126635120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6116092020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         332628000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8136104910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         569.807079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    811337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    476580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12990783500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             120294720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              63915390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            340049640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25082100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1126635120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6114032040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         334362720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8124371730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         568.985353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    816648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    476580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12985472750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1963762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1963762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1991486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1991486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52578.703580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52578.703580                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52587.430684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52587.430684                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1889064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1889064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1915748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50578.703580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50578.703580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50587.483496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50587.483496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1424770000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52124.460379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52124.460379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1370102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50124.460379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50124.460379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538992000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    538992000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53818.472292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53818.472292                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51818.472292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51818.472292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27724000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     27724000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53213.051823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53213.051823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     26684000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26684000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51216.890595                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51216.890595                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.269239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.269239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4736934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1633017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6369951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68609.455114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69966.452442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68952.295902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4598850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1586339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6185189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66609.455114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67966.538132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66952.317551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.135836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.463726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   290.757127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.914983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.567885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14278701000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21639366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 181715                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   334993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1310563434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21639366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21639355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21639355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8416389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8416389000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60628.945814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60628.945814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8138753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8138753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58628.945814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58628.945814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.699776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.699776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              140252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             140252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        23037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 303541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10450496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           255437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          752162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6802880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2173248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8976128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6802880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6802880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1474368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           106295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            33957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               140252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               23037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          314375199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          100430299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              414805498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     314375199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         314375199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        68133604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              68133604                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        68133604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         314375199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         100430299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             482939103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19592.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    106295.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30539.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               301341                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18420                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       140252                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       23037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     140252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     23037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3418                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3445                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               8996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              10733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1453876500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   684170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4019514000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10625.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29375.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     88132                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    14334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 140252                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 23037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   136817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        53934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.589795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.342262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    178.570861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23073     42.78%     42.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16972     31.47%     74.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6287     11.66%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3739      6.93%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1700      3.15%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          991      1.84%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          423      0.78%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          253      0.47%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          496      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         53934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      116.923867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      97.654555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.658526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              51      4.36%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            185     15.83%     20.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            292     24.98%     45.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           276     23.61%     68.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          150     12.83%     81.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          103      8.81%     90.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      2.99%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           30      2.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      1.28%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.34%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.51%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      0.43%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.17%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.09%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.09%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.17%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.09%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.737382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.710030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.968854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               722     61.76%     61.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                51      4.36%     66.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               378     32.34%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8757376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   218752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1252224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8976128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1474368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        404.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         57.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     414.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      68.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21637716000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      132511.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6802880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1954496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1252224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 314375199.347337603569                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 90321315.328739300370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 57867869.141822360456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        23037                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2995419250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1024094750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 524025690000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28180.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30158.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22747132.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             196449960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             104415630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            438046140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            63537840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1708084560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9188286000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         572012640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12270832770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         567.060642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1405540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    722540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19511286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188638800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100263900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            538948620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            38596680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1708084560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9323969370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         457752960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12356254890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         571.008175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1110842250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    722540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19805983750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2846864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2846864000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2895787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2895787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51733.885769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51733.885769                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51789.090584                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2736808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2736808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2783959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2783959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49733.922114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49733.922114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49789.126352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2076325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2076325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51422.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51422.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1995571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1995571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49422.234880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49422.234880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    770539000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52592.928810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52592.928810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50592.928810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50592.928810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48923000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48923000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47151000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53217.832957                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.517808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.517808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7285084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9647006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68536.469260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69554.214029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68782.885215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7072494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2294008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9366502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66536.469260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67554.272925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66782.899475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.769934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.357579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   302.000070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.412286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.589844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.266430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21639366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27920713000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 182375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   341123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1272850749                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7482681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027921                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27920713000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895058                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7482681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      933643                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           649                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611075                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           259                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5411384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6106                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27920702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27920702                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4636046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2621071                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700113                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  97113                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         97113                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               134527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               53605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108759                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7404090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7404090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14590927                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5971670                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      932391                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1543460                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     611069                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30545      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5828523     77.89%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5249      0.07%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29895      0.40%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2598      0.03%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10906      0.15%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8118      0.11%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23413      0.31%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   924081     12.35%     91.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  573083      7.66%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8310      0.11%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              37986      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7482790                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5232627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5232627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5232627                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5232627                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         178757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             178757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        178757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            178757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10675237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10675237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10675237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10675237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5411384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5411384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59719.266938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59719.266938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59719.266938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59719.266938                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        178757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       178757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10317723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10317723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10317723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10317723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57719.266938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57719.266938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57719.266938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57719.266938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     178501                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5232627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5232627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        178757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            178757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10675237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10675237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5411384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5411384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59719.266938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59719.266938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       178757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10317723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10317723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57719.266938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57719.266938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.992289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5320626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                178501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.807262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.992289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5590141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5590141                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              174887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             174887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27871                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       377645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       377645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 377645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12976512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     12976512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12976512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           314242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          937529250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         8584320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2608448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            11192768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      8584320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        8584320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1783744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1783744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           134130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            40757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               174887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         27871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               27871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          307453467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93423402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              400876869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     307453467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         307453467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        63886048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              63886048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        63886048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         307453467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93423402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             464762916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     23316.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    134130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1388                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1388                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               374477                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               21926                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       174887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       27871                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     174887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     27871                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    4636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4555                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              17831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              11402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              11998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              11367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              11056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              10513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1799523500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   851255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4991729750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10569.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29319.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    109770                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    16714                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 174887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 27871                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   170177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       74                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        67042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.726709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.049090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.679360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         28667     42.76%     42.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21300     31.77%     74.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7763     11.58%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4408      6.57%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2187      3.26%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1380      2.06%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          500      0.75%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          295      0.44%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          542      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         67042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      122.554035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     102.567869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.610616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              59      4.25%      4.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            206     14.84%     19.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            309     22.26%     41.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           299     21.54%     62.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          199     14.34%     77.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          141     10.16%     87.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           65      4.68%     92.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           49      3.53%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           26      1.87%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            6      0.43%     97.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.43%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            6      0.43%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.14%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.07%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.07%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.07%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.22%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.07%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.07%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.14%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.775937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.748257                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.973816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               828     59.65%     59.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                62      4.47%     64.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               480     34.58%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      1.22%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                10896064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   296704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1490240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 11192768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1783744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        390.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         53.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     400.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      63.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27919031000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      137696.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      8584320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2311744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1490240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 307453466.535757899284                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82796739.467219188809                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 53373995.141169928014                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        40757                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        27871                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3781070000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1210659750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 677699558500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28189.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29704.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24315581.02                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             239082900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             127060395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            535492860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            77553540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2203484400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11773471410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         807051840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15763197345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         564.570015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1993933750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    932100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24994679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             239668380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             127363995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            680099280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            43994160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2203484400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12052888260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         571753440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15919251915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         570.159219                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1384966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    932100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25603647000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1472974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1472974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68390                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68390                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3410239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3410239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3470794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3470794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1540291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1540291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1544609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1544609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.043704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50659.402528                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50659.402528                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50750.021933                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50750.021933                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34035                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34035                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3275607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3275607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3334016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3334016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48659.432239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48659.432239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48750.051177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48750.051177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68133                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          879362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              879362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         49962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             49962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2509667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2509667000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       929324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          929324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.053762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50231.515952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50231.515952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2409745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2409745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.053762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48231.555983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48231.555983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         593612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             593612                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17355                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    900572000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    900572000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       610967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         610967                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51891.212907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51891.212907                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49891.212907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49891.212907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3245                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3245                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1073                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60555000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     60555000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4318                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.248495                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.248495                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56435.228332                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56435.228332                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58409000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58409000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.248495                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248495                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54435.228332                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54435.228332                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.626288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1507500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.125842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.626288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1612998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1612998                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           44627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               72259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          44627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              72259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        134130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         40758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9194053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2810805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12004858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9194053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2810805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12004858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.707627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.707627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68545.836129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68963.271014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68643.120168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68545.836129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68963.271014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68643.120168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          27871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                27871                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8925793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2729291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11655084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8925793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2729291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11655084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.836129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66963.320084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66643.131604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.836129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66963.320084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66643.131604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    196810                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          44627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              72259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9194053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2810805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12004858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       178757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.707627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68545.836129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68963.271014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68643.120168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       134130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8925793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2729291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11655084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.750348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.707627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.836129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66963.320084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66643.131604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34035                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.046663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 276494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               196810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.404878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.533277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   297.757622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   142.755764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.137760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.581558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.278820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478504                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34035                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       170814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       357514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  528328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11440448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17995584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           893785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            417322000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27920713000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                34126308000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 177862                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1373684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   335220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1213931092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9423736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.034126                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34126308000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1136148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9423736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1171456                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           667                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      747498                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           265                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6772562                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         34126308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   34126308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5899088                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3267456                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       889662                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 128563                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        128563                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               186721                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80911                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      135156                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9315342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9315342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18301081                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7508774                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1169253                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1916745                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     747492                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 37146      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7363978     78.14%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6349      0.07%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     31995      0.34%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3840      0.04%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    17082      0.18%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12386      0.13%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   34243      0.36%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1157391     12.28%     91.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  707498      7.51%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11862      0.13%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              39994      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9423847                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    92                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6553928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6553928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6553928                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6553928                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         218634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             218634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        218634                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            218634                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12922159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12922159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12922159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12922159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6772562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6772562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59104.068901                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59104.068901                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59104.068901                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59104.068901                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        218634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       218634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12484891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12484891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12484891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12484891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57104.068901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57104.068901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57104.068901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57104.068901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     218378                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6553928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6553928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        218634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            218634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12922159000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12922159000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6772562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6772562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59104.068901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59104.068901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  12484891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12484891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57104.068901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57104.068901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.175533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6772562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                218634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.976710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.175533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6991196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6991196                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              208754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             208754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       449395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       449395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 449395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     15401024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     15401024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15401024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           368189000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1118809500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        10360320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2999936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13360256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst     10360320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total       10360320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2040768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2040768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           161880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            46874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               208754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         31887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               31887                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          303587484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           87906843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              391494327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     303587484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         303587484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        59800433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              59800433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        59800433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         303587484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          87906843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             451294761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     26384.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    161880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     41083.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000965011250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1567                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1567                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               445411                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               24825                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       208754                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       31887                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     208754                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     31887                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    5791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              14204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              15080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             15040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             10487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             14419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              8757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              8699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              3307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              3430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              3284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2133639250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1014815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5939195500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10512.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29262.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    130859                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    18619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 208754                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 31887                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   202833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        79833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     183.813310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.762242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    174.599236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         34124     42.74%     42.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25515     31.96%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9265     11.61%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5070      6.35%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2634      3.30%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1788      2.24%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          534      0.67%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          336      0.42%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          567      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         79833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      129.426930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     108.059971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      82.945755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              60      3.83%      3.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            218     13.91%     17.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            325     20.74%     38.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           321     20.49%     58.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          218     13.91%     72.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          168     10.72%     83.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           88      5.62%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           77      4.91%     94.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           40      2.55%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           13      0.83%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351           10      0.64%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383           11      0.70%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.13%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      0.13%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.06%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.06%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.19%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.06%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.13%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.06%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            2      0.13%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            2      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.820676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.792559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.980854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               898     57.31%     57.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                72      4.59%     61.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               578     36.89%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                18      1.15%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12989632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   370624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1686912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13360256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2040768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        380.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         49.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     391.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      59.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    34126227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      141813.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst     10360320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2629312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1686912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 303587484.470924913883                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 77046482.731152743101                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 49431423.991133175790                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        46874                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31887                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   4558553250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1380642250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 826906711750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28160.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29454.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25932408.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             280052220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             148843695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            630247800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            88181460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2693352480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       14259700830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1096333440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19196711925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         562.519448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2723809250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1139320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  30263178750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             290026800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             154122540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            818908020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            49407300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2693352480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       14748780780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         684476640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19439074560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         569.621377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1656095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1139320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31330892750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1835324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1835324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1839386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1839386                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          78195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              78195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         79457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             79457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3916279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3916279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3987360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3987360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1913519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1913519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1918843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1918843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50083.496387                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50083.496387                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50182.614496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50182.614496                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39115                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39115                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         78195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3759889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3759889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3828446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3828446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48083.496387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48083.496387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48182.614496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48182.614496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      79201                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1107437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1107437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         58694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             58694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2908944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2908944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1166131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1166131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.050332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49561.181722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49561.181722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2791556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.050332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47561.181722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47561.181722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         727887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             727887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        19501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            19501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1007335000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1007335000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       747388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         747388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51655.556125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51655.556125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        19501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    968333000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968333000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026092                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49655.556125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49655.556125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4062                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4062                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1262                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1262                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71081000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     71081000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          5324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237040                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.237040                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56324.088748                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56324.088748                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1262                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68557000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.237040                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237040                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54324.088748                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54324.088748                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.694244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1918843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 79457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.149452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.694244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1998300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1998300                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           56754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          56754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32583                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        161880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         46874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            208754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        46874                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           208754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11091391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3216217000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14307608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11091391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3216217000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14307608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          298091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         298091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.700303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.700303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68516.129232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68614.093101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68538.126216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68516.129232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68614.093101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68538.126216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31887                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       208754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       208754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10767631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3122469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13890100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10767631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3122469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13890100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66516.129232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66614.093101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66538.126216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66516.129232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66614.093101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66538.126216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    233978                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          56754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        46874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           208754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11091391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3216217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14307608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       218634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         298091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.700303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68516.129232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68614.093101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68538.126216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       161880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       208754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10767631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3122469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13890100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.740415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.589929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66516.129232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66614.093101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66538.126216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39115                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39115                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.220020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 337206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               234490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.438040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.948316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   301.958712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   141.312992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.589763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.276002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               571696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              571696                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               298091                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              298091                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       437268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  635297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7588608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13992576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 21581184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1093170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            493666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           397285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34126308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
