
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3590703000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 439879                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1279452                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   775485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     2.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1579350900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003591                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3590703000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3590692                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3590692                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.299424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.299424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        24487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1014784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1014784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1014784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44756000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           45587500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          504960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              552384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       462400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           462400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13207442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          140629843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              153837285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13207442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13207442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       128777011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             128777011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       128777011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13207442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         140629843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             282614296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7204.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001569268500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           441                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           441                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24988                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6755                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8631                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7225                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8631                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7225                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74133000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                235945500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8590.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27340.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7545                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8631                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7225                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8630                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     605.338121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    430.987521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    396.763095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           131      7.84%      7.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          325     19.45%     27.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          263     15.74%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           56      3.35%     46.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           67      4.01%     50.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      2.45%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      3.53%     56.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      1.56%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          703     42.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.562358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.591693                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      45.820513                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             430     97.51%     97.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      1.36%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.23%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.23%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.23%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.290249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.276254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.695518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               372     84.35%     84.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      2.72%     87.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                55     12.47%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  552320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   459776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   552384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                462400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        153.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        128.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     153.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     128.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3590643000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      226453.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       504896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       459776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13207441.551139149815                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 140612019.429064452648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 128046234.957332864404                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7225                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18926000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    217019500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  80988039250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25541.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27505.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  11209417.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7125720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3787410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33001080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            21850920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      283349040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1243352400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         331796640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1924263210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         535.901524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    849717500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2621125500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4819500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2554035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28617120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15649560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      283349040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         439734480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1008527520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1783251255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.630118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2615830000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    855013000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    575466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    582676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73523.188961                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73523.188961                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73523.785489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73523.785489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    559814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71523.444487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71523.444487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71524.037855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71524.037855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559626000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559626000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        73635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        73635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544428000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544428000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71635.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71635.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.032321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.032321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    583615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    583615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67773.919655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67610.634847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67773.919655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67610.634847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    566353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65774.173109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65610.866543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65774.173109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65610.866543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    583615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67773.919655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67610.634847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519024000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65774.173109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65610.866543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              484.057076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.075552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.489609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.491915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.750961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3590703000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18926147000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 158092                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   297450                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1496001457                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18926147000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18926136                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18926136                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.728755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.728755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       150082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       453058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       453058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 453058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     19300480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     19300480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19300480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           901898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          798067500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9647808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9695232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9605248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9605248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        150082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              150082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2505740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          509760809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              512266548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2505740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2505740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       507512068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             507512068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       507512068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2505740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         509760809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1019778616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    150061.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150746.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001569268500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          9329                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          9329                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               448327                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              140874                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      150082                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    150082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               9220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               9251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               9230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               9285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               9420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               9477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              9430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1259789250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   757435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4100170500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8316.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27066.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    139981                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   139310                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                150082                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    9323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    9425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    9405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    9330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    9331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    9336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    9329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     867.919219                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    771.469045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.518721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           352      1.58%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1258      5.66%      7.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          760      3.42%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          759      3.41%     14.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1274      5.73%     19.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          618      2.78%     22.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          585      2.63%     25.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          663      2.98%     28.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15964     71.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.237753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.094828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.982664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31            9318     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           9329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.083074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.079092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.371101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8807     94.40%     94.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               303      3.25%     97.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               185      1.98%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           9329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9695168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9602496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9695232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9605248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        512.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        507.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     512.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     507.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18926087000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62758.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9647744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9602496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2505739.810643972829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 509757427.119212329388                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 507366660.525251090527                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       150082                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18926000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4081244500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 462783647250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25541.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27073.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3083538.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              80539200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              42803805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544796280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           393384420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1493575200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5685643410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2479730400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10720472715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         566.437147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6342917250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    631800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11951429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              78218700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              41570430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            536820900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           389819160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1493575200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4863910890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3171715680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10575630960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.784150                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8148872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    631800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10145474500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11049308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11049308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11056518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11056518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73327.679117                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73327.679117                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73327.837540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73327.837540                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10747942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10747942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10754956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10754956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71327.692389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71327.692389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71327.850804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71327.850804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11033468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11033468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73333.032029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73333.032029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10732556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10732556000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71333.045322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71333.045322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.298636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.298636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10151504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10200315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10151504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10200315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67340.886778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67333.700797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67340.886778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67333.700797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9850010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9897339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9850010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9897339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65340.900045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65333.713999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65340.900045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65333.713999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10151504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10200315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67340.886778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67333.700797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9850010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9897339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65340.900045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65333.713999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.698618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.690147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     9.199537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   487.808934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.952752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18926147000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                34261558000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123540                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   237322                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1410878032                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.034262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 34261558000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         34261547                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   34261547                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        66000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        66000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        66000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse            0.000003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      34261505000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.000001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.000015                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                4                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               4                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.297762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.297762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294346                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       292939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 881631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37586240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1759041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy               5500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1550539500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18790720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18838144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18748096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18748096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        292939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              292939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1384175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548449081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              549833256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1384175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1384175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       547205005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             547205005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       547205005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1384175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548449081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1097038261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    292918.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293604.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001569268500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18217                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18217                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               871664                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              275001                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294346                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      292939                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294346                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    292939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2445317250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1471725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               7964286000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8307.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27057.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    272418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   272023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294346                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                292939                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        42797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     878.153515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    788.922587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    276.557552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           574      1.34%      1.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2208      5.16%      6.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1254      2.93%      9.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1448      3.38%     12.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2472      5.78%     18.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1194      2.79%     21.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1102      2.57%     23.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1316      3.07%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        31229     72.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         42797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.157380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.083093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.146584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           18206     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.078169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.074456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.358311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17240     94.64%     94.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               596      3.27%     97.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               315      1.73%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                66      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18838080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18745344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18838144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18748096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        549.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        547.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     549.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     547.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    34261432000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58338.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18790656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18745344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1384175.232194636483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548447213.054350972176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 547124681.253549575806                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       292939                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18926000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   7945360000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 844590868500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25541.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27061.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2883162.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             153709920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              81691170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1053114300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           764928360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2704416000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10116205530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4637528640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19511593920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         569.489394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11861798250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1144000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21255759750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             151882080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              80723445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1048509000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           763988760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2704416000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9316276080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5311153440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19376948805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         565.559476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13619689500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1144000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19497868500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21523083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21523083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21530293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21530293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73321.987995                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73321.987995                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73322.071244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73322.071244                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20936001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20936001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20943015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20943015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71321.994808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71321.994808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71322.078055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71322.078055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21507243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21507243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73324.729386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73324.729386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20920615000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20920615000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71324.736205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71324.736205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.060163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.060163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19768131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  19816942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19768131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  19816942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.770529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67325.102685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.770529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67325.102685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19180921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19228250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19180921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19228250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.777341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65325.109480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.777341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65325.109480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19768131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19816942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67328.770529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67325.102685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19180921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19228250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65328.777341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65325.109480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.071507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.352855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.081841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   498.636811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  34261558000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49576599000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218531                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1395573309                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49576599000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49576588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49576588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        142858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       142858                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8024936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   8024936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8024936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   8024936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       142858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       142858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56174.214955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56174.214955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56174.214955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56174.214955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        12298                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            12298                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       142858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       142858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7739220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7739220000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7739220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7739220000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54174.214955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54174.214955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54174.214955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54174.214955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12298                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       142858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8024936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8024936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       142858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56174.214955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56174.214955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       142858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       142858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7739220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7739220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54174.214955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54174.214955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       142858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       142858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       142858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       142858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        22153.897147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              24084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.958367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      34261505000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   143.833314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 22010.063833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.167923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.169021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        84173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        38048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           429086                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          429086                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.514695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.514695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              437203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             437203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       305237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       298014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       298014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1179643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      9929984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      9929984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                47516160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1963388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          752287750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1550539500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27933568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27980992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19535168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19535168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               437203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        305237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              305237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             956580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          563442603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              564399184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        956580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            956580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       394040099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             394040099                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       394040099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            956580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         563442603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             958439283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    305216.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.027858504250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18985                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18985                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1172814                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              286564                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       437203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      305237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     437203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    305237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             19158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3039340250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2186010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11236877750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6951.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25701.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    404758                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   283435                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 437203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                305237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   437202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   19169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   19135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     876.703399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    789.345810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    275.024553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           747      1.38%      1.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2547      4.70%      6.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1744      3.22%      9.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1771      3.27%     12.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3553      6.56%     19.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1545      2.85%     21.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1453      2.68%     24.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1594      2.94%     27.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        39240     72.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       23.028127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.087454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     947.580665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         18984     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.075112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.071537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.351603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18007     94.85%     94.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               596      3.14%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               316      1.66%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                66      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27980928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19531904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27980992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19535168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        564.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        393.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     564.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     394.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49576537000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       66775.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27933504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19531904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 956580.341463116463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 563441312.301394462585                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 393974261.929504275322                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       305237                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18926000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11217951750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1185315663250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25541.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25702.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3883263.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             194250840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             103242975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1561318080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           797010480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3913412880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       13689091500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7509758400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         27768085155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.104681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19256788000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1655420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  28664391000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             192701460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             102423255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1560304200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           796060440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3913412880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12918090120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8159022720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         27642015075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.561746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20950730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1655420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26970448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31976522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31976522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31983732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31983732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73273.591369                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73273.591369                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73273.658238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73273.658238                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31103726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31103726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31110740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31110740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71273.595952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71273.595952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71273.662820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71273.662820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31960682000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31960682000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73275.409701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73275.409701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31088340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31088340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71275.414286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71275.414286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.350495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.350495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29364428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  29413239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29364428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  29413239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67278.161035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67275.777440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67278.161035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67275.777440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28491504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28538833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28491504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28538833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65278.165618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65275.782015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65278.165618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65275.782015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29364428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29413239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67278.161035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67275.777440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28491504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28538833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65278.165618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65275.782015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.976167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.699268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.511975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.764924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49576599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                65715110000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105465                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1280564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205932                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1386126687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.065715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65715110000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839571                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046677                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         65715110                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   65715110                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270699                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005738                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801935                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629935                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629935                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630272                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734168                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205526                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182068                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742060                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713929                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995084     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629322     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772092                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        285715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       285715                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16873309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  16873309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16873309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  16873309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       285715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       285715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59056.433859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59056.433859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59056.433859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59056.433859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       155155                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           155155                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       285715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       285715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16301879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16301879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16301879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16301879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57056.433859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57056.433859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57056.433859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57056.433859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                155155                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       285715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16873309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16873309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       285715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59056.433859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59056.433859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       285715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16301879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16301879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57056.433859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57056.433859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       285715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       285715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       285715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       285715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        48902.326861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             571430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           286227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      34261505000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   108.510304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 48793.816557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.372267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.373095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        79665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        42553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           857657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          857657                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045924                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045924                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70988.047809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68988.047809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.633878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7046677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               9358.136786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.633878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047430                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              580060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             580060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       448094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       881629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       726585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       726585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1608214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     37586176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     28215680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     28215680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65801856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2820530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1503637250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1550539500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           47424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37076416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37123840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          47424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     28678016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28678016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               580060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        448094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              448094                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             721661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          564199253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              564920914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        721661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            721661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       436399117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             436399117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       436399117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            721661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         564199253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1001320031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    448073.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.027858504250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         27914                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         27914                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1596280                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              420979                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       580060                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      448094                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     580060                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    448094                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              28011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              27908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              27939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              27918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              27865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              27980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              28032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              28037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             28032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             28032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             28032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             28034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             28118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4457799000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2900295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15333905250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7685.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26435.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    535817                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   416094                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 580060                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                448094                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   580059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   28098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   28064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        76196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     863.533834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    773.049729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    282.035460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1184      1.55%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2945      3.87%      5.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4416      5.80%     11.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2230      2.93%     14.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4091      5.37%     19.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3220      4.23%     23.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2927      3.84%     27.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2072      2.72%     30.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53111     69.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         76196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.780003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.059428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     781.466952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         27913    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.051085                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.048619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.292072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             26936     96.50%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               596      2.14%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               316      1.13%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                66      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37123776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28675200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37123840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28678016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        564.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        436.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     564.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     436.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    65715081000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63915.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        47424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37076352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     28675200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 721660.513084433740                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 564198279.512885332108                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 436356265.705101966858                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       448094                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18926000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15314979250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1584697034250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25541.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26436.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3536528.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             273040740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             145124595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072870520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1171159200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5186946960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       17526736200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       10475245440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36851123655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.770935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  26852047250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2194140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  36668922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             271012980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             144039225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2068750740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1167661800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5186946960.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       16734111870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11142718560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36715242135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.703198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28593930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2194140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34927039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579353                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579353                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43253464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43253464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43260674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43260674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74670.851352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74670.851352                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74670.665380                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74670.665380                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42094954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42094954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42101968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42101968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72670.851352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72670.851352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72670.665380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72670.665380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69779.735683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67779.735683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579028                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43237624000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  43237624000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74672.768847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74672.768847                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42079568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42079568000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72672.768847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72672.768847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7210000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7014000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.510002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4733040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.510002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39784228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39833039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39784228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39833039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68674.129452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68670.549598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68674.129452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68670.549598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38625590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38672919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38625590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38672919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66674.129452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66670.549598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66674.129452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66670.549598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39784228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39833039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65871.794872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68674.129452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68670.549598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38625590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38672919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63871.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66674.129452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66670.549598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.473186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1159019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.790791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.649494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.032901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  65715110000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
