
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4326480000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93384                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34249588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180983                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              403999437                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4326480000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4326479                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4326479                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243643                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17419                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17419                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26627                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14825                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21737                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3784169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211557                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7175      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527270     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10924      0.56%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11235      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1079      0.06%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2482      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9995      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209119     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156238      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2438      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5821                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          467                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6288                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4406                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    279048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    279048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61252.446184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63606.675225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63333.635951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61252.446184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63606.675225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63333.635951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59252.446184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61606.675225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.635951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59252.446184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61606.675225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.635951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61252.446184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63606.675225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63333.635951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.080701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.892939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59252.446184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61606.675225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61333.635951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2537.538090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   504.852651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2032.685439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.031016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.038720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.067230                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    494180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    494180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16964.058906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16964.058906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16964.058906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16964.058906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    435918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    435918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14964.058906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14964.058906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14964.058906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14964.058906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28914                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    494180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16964.058906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16964.058906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    435918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    435918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14964.058906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14964.058906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.419663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  662856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.925088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.419663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1397036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1397036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  281984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23861750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              281984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7559032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57617278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65176310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7559032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7559032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7559032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57617278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65176310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       511.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3895.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9922                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4406                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4406                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49205750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                131818250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11167.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29917.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  39.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4406                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     105.936018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.579328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     89.844497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1597     60.11%     60.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          886     33.35%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          135      5.08%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.56%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.19%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.23%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.04%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.11%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  281984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   281984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4326039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      981851.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       249280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7559031.822636416182                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57617277.787023171782                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          511                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3895                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14262000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    117556250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27909.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30181.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9867480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5237100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16978920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      341125200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1113380430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         723784800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2210373930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.894291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1869399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2312781000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9139200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4846215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14479920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      341125200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1039281570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         786183840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2195055945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.353771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2032205000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2149975000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54256.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54256.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54256.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54256.554878                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52256.554878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52256.554878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52256.554878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52256.554878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6304                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     63897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35676.716918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35676.716918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33676.716918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33676.716918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61234.221011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61234.221011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    282488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59234.221011                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59234.221011                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.412071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  356926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.618972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.412071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374505                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    409258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    409258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17781.743525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68011.004127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38269.870956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17781.743525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68011.004127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38269.870956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15781.743525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66011.004127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36269.870956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15781.743525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66011.004127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36269.870956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13237                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17781.743525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68011.004127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38269.870956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15781.743525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66011.004127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36269.870956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.527685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.918637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.937024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.805966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.784695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.378783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.967828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54553                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1864384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2611456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4326480000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8597757000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   188475                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              418083692                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3875920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008598                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8597757000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3875920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423371                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312352                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8597743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8597743                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488239                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187430                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370446                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34225                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34225                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52275                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29269                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43321                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839425                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7568738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115446                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312352                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14285      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3054684     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21964      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22554      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2159      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4844      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19917      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418368     10.79%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312200      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4800      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3876081                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11493                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          946                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12439                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8010                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    511947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    511947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        20449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        20449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64094.050160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63913.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64094.050160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63913.483146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62094.050160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61913.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62094.050160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61913.483146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    511947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        20449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64094.050160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63913.483146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.042808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.887941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62094.050160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61913.483146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4364.948733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   508.988864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3855.959869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.058837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.066604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8010                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.122223                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678645                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678645                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              57996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57996                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             57996                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    951650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    951650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    951650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    951650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16408.890268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.890268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16408.890268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.890268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    835660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14408.924753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14408.924753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14408.924753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14408.924753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57778                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         57996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             57996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    951650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    951650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16408.890268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16408.890268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    835660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14408.924753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14408.924753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.204758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1362356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.579148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.204758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2794636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2794636                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       512640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       512640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  512640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43479500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          479744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              512640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3826114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55798739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               59624853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3826114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3826114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3826114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55798739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59624853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18228                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8010                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8010                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      94000000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                244187500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11735.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30485.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2756                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  34.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8010                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      97.571374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.145571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     71.150287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3373     64.20%     64.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1629     31.00%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          213      4.05%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.29%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.10%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.11%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.06%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  512640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   512640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      59.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8595338000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1073075.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       479744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3826114.183036343195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55798739.136265426874                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7496                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    229828000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30660.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     34.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18528300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9848025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28331520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      678562560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2124839730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1512200160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4372310295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.540808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3907608500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    287040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4403108500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18985260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10090905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28859880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      678562560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2090546250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1541078880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4368123735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.053872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3983072250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    287040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4327644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722746                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722746                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12816                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12816                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    691687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    691687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    691687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    691687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53970.583645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53970.583645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53970.583645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53970.583645                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    666055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    666055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51970.583645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51970.583645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51970.583645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51970.583645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12560                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          419931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              419931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33550.450712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33550.450712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31550.450712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31550.450712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576307000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    576307000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61459.635278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61459.635278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557553000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557553000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59459.635278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59459.635278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.678466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.034236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.678466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748378                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    761764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    761764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15536.392405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68135.868278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37250.073350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15536.392405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68135.868278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37250.073350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    720866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13536.558961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66135.868278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35250.171149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13536.558961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66135.868278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35250.171149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26137                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    761764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15536.392405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68135.868278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37250.073350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    720866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13536.558961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66135.868278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35250.171149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.710961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.988331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.357281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.869047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.484633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       115991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1476672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3711680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           289975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8597757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12864247000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   198129                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              438470294                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5812896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012864                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12864247000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5812896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635038                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468219                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4104801                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12864236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12864236                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3732206                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1780932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555630                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51016                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51016                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77900                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43700                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5758355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5758355                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11351851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4672884                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      634735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1102954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21393      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4581455     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33011      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33873      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3238      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7204      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29830      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   627575     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468067      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7160      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5813112                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1428                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18548                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    740819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    740819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64081.759870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63957.437624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64081.759870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63957.437624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    717653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    717653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62081.759870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61957.437624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62081.759870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61957.437624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    740819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64081.759870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63957.437624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    717653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.029148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62081.759870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61957.437624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6165.025683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   510.650831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5654.374852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.086279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7590                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.176743                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4017953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4017953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4017953                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4017953                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1408558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1408558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4104801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4104801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16218.657885                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16218.657885                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16218.657885                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16218.657885                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1234864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1234864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1234864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1234864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14218.680914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14218.680914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14218.680914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14218.680914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4017953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4017953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1408558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1408558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4104801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16218.657885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16218.657885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1234864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1234864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14218.680914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14218.680914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.468504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2061057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.791493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.468504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4191648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4191648                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       741312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       741312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  741312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           62881000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          708416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              741312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2557165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55068594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57625759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2557165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2557165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2557165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55068594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57625759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11069.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26470                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     136432750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    57915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                353614000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11778.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30528.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3876                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  33.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      96.186843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.390310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     65.594199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5043     65.43%     65.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2258     29.30%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          367      4.76%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.19%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.06%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.04%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  741312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   741312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12861530000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1110379.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       708416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2557164.830557124689                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55068594.376336209476                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11069                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    339254500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30649.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     33.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27667500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14705625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41312040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1015385280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3164762550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2274807840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6538640835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.280106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5878388000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    429520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6556339000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27360480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14542440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41390580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1015385280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3061908900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2361421440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6522009120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.987243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6104827250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    429520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6329899750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1083878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1083878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19163                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19163                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1024940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1024940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1024940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1024940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1103041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1103041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1103041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1103041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53485.362417                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53485.362417                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53485.362417                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53485.362417                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15511                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15511                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    986614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    986614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    986614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    986614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51485.362417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51485.362417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51485.362417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51485.362417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18907                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          629951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              629951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32466.771530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32466.771530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30466.771530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30466.771530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         453927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             453927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    859814000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    859814000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61079.349293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61079.349293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831660000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59079.349293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59079.349293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.111724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.778495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.111724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122204                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1109356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1109356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          106011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         106011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14727.076836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67987.837081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36816.540555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14727.076836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67987.837081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36816.540555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    824650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    824650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12727.190247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65987.837081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34816.606930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12727.190247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65987.837081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34816.606930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38904                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    849644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1109356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         106011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14727.076836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67987.837081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36816.540555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    824650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12727.190247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65987.837081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34816.606930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.460061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.006169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.120698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.006283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.333080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.080090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.494791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               160938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              160938                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               106011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              106010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15511                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2219136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5558208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7777344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           434235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12864247000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17132167000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206960                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457460292                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7750779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017132                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17132167000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            954549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7750779                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      846724                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624091                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5473300                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17132156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17132156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4977208                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2374737                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       741014                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103525                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58131                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86465                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7678112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7678112                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15137375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6231674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      846321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1470412                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28582      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6108708     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44051      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45520      0.59%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4317      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9564      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39743      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   836801     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  623939      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9520      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7751051                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22922                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24856                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15155                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    939950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    971448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    939950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    971448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64199.849737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64100.824810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64199.849737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64100.824810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62199.849737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62100.824810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62199.849737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62100.824810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    939950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64199.849737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64100.824810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.883318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.378771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62199.849737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62100.824810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16767                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16767                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7958.543829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.485167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7447.058662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.113633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.121438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7523                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.231247                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5357603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5357603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5357603                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5357603                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1866119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1866119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1866119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1866119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5473300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5473300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16129.363769                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.363769                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16129.363769                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.363769                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1634727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1634727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14129.381056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14129.381056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14129.381056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14129.381056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115479                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5357603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5357603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1866119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1866119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5473300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16129.363769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16129.363769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1634727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14129.381056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14129.381056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.600909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2759986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.900328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.600909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5588996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5588996                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       969920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       969920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  969920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82319500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          937024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              969920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1920131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54693840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56613971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1920131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1920131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1920131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54693840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              56613971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14641.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000574000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34710                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15155                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     180632250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                464788500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11918.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30668.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4896                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  32.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15155                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      94.543328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     84.528260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     61.152274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6797     66.25%     66.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2961     28.86%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          462      4.50%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.15%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.05%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.06%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  969920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   969920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         56.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17128908000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1130247.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       937024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1920130.710843526060                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54693839.956147983670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14641                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    450429000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30764.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     32.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37285080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19817490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55349280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1352208000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4174673730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3063237600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8702571180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.966749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7916528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    572000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8643638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35964180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19115415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52857420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1352208000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4047946200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3169955520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8678046735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.535264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8195453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    572000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8364714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1445174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1445174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1445174                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1445174                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25369                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1357935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1357935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1470543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1470543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1470543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1470543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53527.336513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53527.336513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53527.336513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53527.336513                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1307197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1307197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51527.336513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.336513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51527.336513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.336513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25113                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          839951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              839951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       846723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          846723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31780.419374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31780.419374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29780.419374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29780.419374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1142718000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1142718000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       623820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         623820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61446.362317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61446.362317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1105524000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1105524000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029811                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029811                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59446.362317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59446.362317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.831243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1448197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.667224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.831243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1495912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1495912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              101054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             101054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23437                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335138000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1461281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335138000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1461281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          141066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         141066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14299.526390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67942.262443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36521.068679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14299.526390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67942.262443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36521.068679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12299.611725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65942.262443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34521.118664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12299.611725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65942.262443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34521.118664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51728                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             101054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335138000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1461281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         141066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14299.526390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67942.262443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36521.068679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    288266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1092993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12299.611725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65942.262443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34521.118664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.840156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.082451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.457255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    39.053200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.329702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.413002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               213905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              213905                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               141066                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              141065                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  302730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2941952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7404544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10346496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           578480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            244061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17132167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21406737000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110123                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213385                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471398288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000796                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9690066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021407                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21406737000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1193543                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9690066                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1058524                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780014                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6842855                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21406726                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21406726                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6223241                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2969046                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       926595                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84583                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84583                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129127                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108038                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9599280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9599280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18925479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7791616                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1058020                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1838034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780014                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35776      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7637193     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55107      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57167      0.59%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5395      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11922      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49647      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1046142     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  779862      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11878      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9690395                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31309                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18722                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1203061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1203061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.310633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64259.213759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.310633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64259.213759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62343.310633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62259.213759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62343.310633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62259.213759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1203061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64343.310633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64259.213759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1135147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.878129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62343.310633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62259.213759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21057                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21057                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9751.286914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.987338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9239.299576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.140981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        18722                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7526                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.285675                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            89810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           89810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6698292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6698292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6698292                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6698292                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144563                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144563                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2324166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2324166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6842855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6842855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16077.184342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.184342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16077.184342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.184342                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2035042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2035042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2035042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2035042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14077.198177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.198177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14077.198177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.198177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6698292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6698292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2324166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2324166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6842855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16077.184342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16077.184342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2035042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2035042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14077.198177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14077.198177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.680601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3421118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.700980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.680601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6987417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6987417                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1198208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1198208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1198208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101722250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1165312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1198208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18722                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1536712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54436694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55973407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1536712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1536712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1536712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54436694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55973407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18208.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42942                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18722                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18722                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     226085250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                577122750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12075.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30825.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5922                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18722                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      93.610000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     84.073353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     58.265540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          8529     66.63%     66.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3679     28.74%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          553      4.32%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.12%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.04%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.05%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1198208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1198208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21399790000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1143029.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1165312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1536712.484485608526                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54436694.392050504684                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18208                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    562763250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30907.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     31.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              46095840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24500520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67594380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1689645360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5189341560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3850215360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10867393020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.662285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9951155750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    714740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10740841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45296160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24075480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66080700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1689645360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5099317470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3926025120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10850440290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.870351                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10149353750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    714740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10542643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1806455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1806455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1806455                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1806455                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31754                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31754                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1694955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1694955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1694955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1694955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1838209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1838209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1838209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1838209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53377.684701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53377.684701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53377.684701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53377.684701                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25811                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25811                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1631447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51377.684701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51377.684701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51377.684701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51377.684701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31498                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1050024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1050024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1058523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1058523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31383.339216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31383.339216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29383.339216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29383.339216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         756431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             756431                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1428228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1428228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       779686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         779686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61415.953558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61415.953558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1381718000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381718000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59415.953558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59415.953558                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.264308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1824889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.936663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.264308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1869963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1869963                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11019                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1816020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1816020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.594498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67745.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36297.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.594498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67745.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36297.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12039.662764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65745.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34297.209786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12039.662764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65745.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34297.209786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64730                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1816020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.594498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67745.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36297.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12039.662764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65745.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34297.209786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.670808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.097049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.552743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.769612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.348453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.411236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267370                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176316                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       289125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3684160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9251968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12936128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           722810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21406737000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25674945000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114786                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222422                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491135222                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000586                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11627490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025675                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25674945000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1432222                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000586                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11627490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1270176                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            31                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      935871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           769                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8211017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25674934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25674934                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7467777                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3562664                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1111896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101374                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101374                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               154752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               86980                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      129610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11518576                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11518576                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22710219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9350049                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1269572                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2205443                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     935871                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 42965      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9164033     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    66148      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     68814      0.59%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6474      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14282      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   59560      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1255334     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  935719      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               14238      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11627873                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    27                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34507                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3084                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         22285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        22285                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1400936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1432434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1400936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1432434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64348.720775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64277.944806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64348.720775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64277.944806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        22285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        22285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62348.720775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.944806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62348.720775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.944806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        22285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1400936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1432434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64348.720775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64277.944806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1357394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62348.720775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.944806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11539.669630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   512.321923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11027.347707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.168264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.176081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        22285                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7530                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.340042                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107617                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8037608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8037608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8037608                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8037608                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173409                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173409                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2781373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2781373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2781373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2781373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8211017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8211017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8211017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8211017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16039.380886                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16039.380886                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16039.380886                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16039.380886                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2434557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2434557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.392419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14039.392419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.392419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14039.392419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173191                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8037608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8037608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2781373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2781373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8211017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8211017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16039.380886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16039.380886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2434557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2434557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14039.392419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14039.392419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.733698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4119869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.788009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.733698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8384425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8384425                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1426240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1426240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1426240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            22285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          121102250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1393344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1426240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1281249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54268626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55549876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1281249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1281249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1281249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54268626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55549876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21771.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51164                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22285                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22285                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     269508000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   111425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                687351750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12093.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30843.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6945                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22285                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      92.975228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     83.735706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     56.339468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10276     66.99%     66.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4374     28.51%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          651      4.24%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.10%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.04%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15340                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1426240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1426240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25668046000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1151808.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1393344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1281249.093230774160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54268626.476122923195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    672992250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30912.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     31.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55592040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29547870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             80332140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2026468080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6196250550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4641283680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13029474360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.478180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11996282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    857220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12821442500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              53935560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28667430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             78782760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2026468080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6123882210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4702225440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13013961480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.873977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12155801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    857220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12661923750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2167513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2167513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2167513                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2167513                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38151                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38151                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2029744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2029744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2029744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2029744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2205664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2205664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2205664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2205664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53202.904249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53202.904249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53202.904249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53202.904249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31119                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31119                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51202.904249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51202.904249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51202.904249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51202.904249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37895                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1260043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1260043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1270175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1270175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31231.444927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31231.444927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29231.444927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29231.444927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         907470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             907470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        28019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            28019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1713307000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1713307000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       935489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         935489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61148.042400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61148.042400                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1657269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1657269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59148.042400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59148.042400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.552850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2192080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.552850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2243815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2243815                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          138387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              151683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         138387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             151683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35022                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1680509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1680509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2166252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          211560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         211560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13869.653361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67612.512573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36178.365650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13869.653361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67612.512573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36178.365650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2046500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2046500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11869.710468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65612.512573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34178.399051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11869.710468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65612.512573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34178.399051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77759                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         138387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             151683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1680509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2166252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         211560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13869.653361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67612.512573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36178.365650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    415701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2046500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.651490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11869.710468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65612.512573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34178.399051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31119                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31119                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31119                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31119                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.224253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 241398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                77759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.104438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.678976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.004794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.540483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.415389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.506915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               320950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              320950                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               211560                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              211559                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31119                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       107421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       346817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  454238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4433280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11098112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15531392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           867040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25674945000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29940599000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124685                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241636                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              533304502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13565816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029941                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29940599000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1671137                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13565816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1481722                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1091687                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           879                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9578695                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29940599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29940599                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8713508                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4156400                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1297457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 118171                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        118171                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               180385                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              101415                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151175                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13438446                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13438446                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26500081                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10911811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1481017                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2572704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1091687                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 50481      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10690281     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    77189      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81773      0.60%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7553      0.06%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16644      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   69475      0.51%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1464417     10.79%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1091535      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16600      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13566254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           43801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40185                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3616                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          43801                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25858                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1662709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1662709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64362.807765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64301.531441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64362.807765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64301.531441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1580523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1580523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62362.807765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62301.531441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62362.807765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62301.531441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          43801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1631211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1662709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61280.155642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64362.807765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64301.531441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1580523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.875138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59280.155642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62362.807765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62301.531441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        29690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        29690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        29690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        29690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13326.117706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              99349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25858                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.842099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   512.561000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 12813.556706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.195519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.203340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        25858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        17494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.394562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125207                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9376449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9376449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9376449                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9376449                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         202246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             202246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        202246                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            202246                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3238273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3238273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3238273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3238273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9578695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9578695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.555235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16011.555235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.555235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16011.555235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        202246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       202246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2833781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2833781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2833781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2833781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.555235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14011.555235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.555235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14011.555235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     202029                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9376449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9376449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        202246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            202246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3238273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3238273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9578695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9578695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16011.555235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16011.555235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       202246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2833781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2833781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14011.555235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14011.555235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.771638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9578695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                202246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.361604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.771638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9780941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9780941                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        51716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        51716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1654912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1654912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1654912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          140528750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1622016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1654912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1098709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54174467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55273176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1098709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1098709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1098709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54174467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55273176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                59406                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     313318750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   129290000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                798156250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12116.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30866.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7989                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  30.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      92.613577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     83.569266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     54.956739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11996     67.13%     67.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5084     28.45%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          750      4.20%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.08%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.03%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1654912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1654912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         55.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29935451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1157686.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1622016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1098708.813407507259                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54174467.250972501934                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14359500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    783796750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27936.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30926.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     30.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              63960120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              33995610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             92434440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2363290800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7162372050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5465719200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15181772220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.063076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14128520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    999700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14812379000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              63624540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33817245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             92191680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2363290800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7141161780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5483580480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         15177666525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.925948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14175701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    999700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14765197500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2528565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2528565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2528565                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2528565                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44406                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44406                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2363226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2363226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2363226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2363226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2572971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2572971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2572971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2572971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53218.619106                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53218.619106                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53218.619106                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53218.619106                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36243                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36243                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2274414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2274414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2274414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2274414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51218.619106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51218.619106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51218.619106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51218.619106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44150                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1469904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1469904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    366930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1481721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1481721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31051.028180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31051.028180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    343296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29051.028180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29051.028180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1058661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1058661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        32589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            32589                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1996296000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1996296000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1091250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61256.743073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61256.743073                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1931118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59256.743073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59256.743073                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.759026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2572971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.941967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.759026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2617377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2617377                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          161547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              176993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         161547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             176993                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1957003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2516560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1957003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2516560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.282418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.282418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13748.667043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67576.070442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36126.846495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13748.667043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67576.070442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36126.846495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          29690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                29690                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1899083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1899083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11748.667043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65576.070442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34126.846495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11748.667043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65576.070442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34126.846495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90577                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         161547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             176993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1957003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2516560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       202246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.282418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13748.667043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67576.070442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36126.846495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1899083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11748.667043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65576.070442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34126.846495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36243                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36243                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.619716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 282895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.105699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   214.548793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    36.469371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.601552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.419041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.071229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.505081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               373984                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              373984                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246652                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246652                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       125055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       404492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  529547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5161536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12943744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18105280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1011230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            427867000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           222030000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29940599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
