
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4084583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 231683                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1369996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   466453                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              946233484                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004085                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4084583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177661                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293638                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4084572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4084572                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142333                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64081                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937442                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536056                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567298                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614573     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14735      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11521      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286382                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286382                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       7000                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.825983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  7000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.724000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.825983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.948539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.948539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300894                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          275840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          406016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              681856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       275840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         275840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           67531986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           99402069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              166934054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      67531986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          67531986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        72953347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              72953347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        72953347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          67531986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          99402069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             239887401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4274.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6194.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001030734500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           253                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           253                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26494                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4003                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10654                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4656                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10654                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118665750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                315615750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11297.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30047.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10654                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     200.860910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.052013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.414868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2173     46.21%     46.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1356     28.84%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          493     10.48%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          204      4.34%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      2.64%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           90      1.91%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.87%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.72%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187      3.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.498024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.474732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      51.436170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             131     51.78%     51.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             89     35.18%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             14      5.53%     92.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      5.93%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.40%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.810277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.779504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               148     58.50%     58.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                20      7.91%     66.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     27.67%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                15      5.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  672256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   272192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   681856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                297984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        164.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         66.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     166.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      72.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3730855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      243687.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       275840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       396416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       272192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 67531985.517248630524                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 97051767.585577279329                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 66638871.091614492238                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4656                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    131686000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183929750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  80002752250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30553.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28992.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17182721.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17821440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9472320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39648420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10481760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      322071360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1121681910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         623905920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2145083130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.165759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1611505250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    136240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2336837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15750840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8371770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35350140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11718900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      322071360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1181077050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         573888960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2148229020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.935945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1480128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    136240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2468215000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304600                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304600                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    497792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    512825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58785.073217                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58785.073217                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58608.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58608.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56785.309400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56785.309400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56608.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56608.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53589.871612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53589.871612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51589.871612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51589.871612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272393000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272393000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63912.013139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63912.013139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61912.482403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61912.482403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15033000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15033000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14469000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14469000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.421519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.421519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322099                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13546                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.773220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.936215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.062747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.774258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16006                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8812172000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 211224                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1392396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   415432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              930600000                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008812                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8812172000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454645                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429909                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614559                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8812161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8812161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112059                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112059                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70796                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113895                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729243                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099546     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18676      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11993      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3934000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14258                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14258                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14001                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.893632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.164703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.893632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.976147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628816                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            82764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          135606750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          553600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1049856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1603456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       553600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         553600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62822196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          119137030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              181959226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62822196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62822196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        83825872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              83825872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        83825872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62822196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         119137030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             265785098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7626.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           450                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           450                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                62279                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7157                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25054                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25054                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11542                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     641                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     346002500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   122065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                803746250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14172.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32922.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12814                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5485                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25054                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11542                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.423610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.045407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.299559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7370     53.77%     53.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4193     30.59%     84.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1137      8.30%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          363      2.65%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          194      1.42%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          125      0.91%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      0.45%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.34%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          217      1.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       54.148889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.087314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.167627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             187     41.56%     41.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            177     39.33%     80.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             43      9.56%     90.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            26      5.78%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            5      1.11%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.44%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.44%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.22%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.22%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.22%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.44%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.22%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.857836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               247     54.89%     54.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      6.00%     60.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               155     34.44%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                21      4.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1562432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    41024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   486400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1603456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                738688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        177.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     181.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      83.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8811628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      240781.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       553600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1008832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       486400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62822196.389267027378                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 114481651.061735972762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55196380.642592996359                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8650                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11542                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    280879250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    522867000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 209446948500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32471.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31874.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18146503.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43575420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23138115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             74363100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19439280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      695157840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2728466880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1086217920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4670358555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.989491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2796489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    294060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5721622500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              54342540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28876155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             99945720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20232720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      695157840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3107172600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         767307840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4773035415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.641200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1945439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    294060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6572672250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1385940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1405490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1405490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56476.772616                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56476.772616                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56477.135739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56477.135739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1336860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1355718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54476.772616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54476.772616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54477.135739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54477.135739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    884286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    884286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61306.572379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61306.572379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59306.572379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59306.572379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501654000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501654000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49590.154211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49590.154211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47590.154211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47590.154211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.341317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.341317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754914                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33753                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.186755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.544332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.438449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.203974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.311610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.428133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14668290000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 204840                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1398780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   406673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1001491146                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000141                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014668                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14668290000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702617                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917860                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14668279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14668279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867141                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214921                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214921                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322972                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134376                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803812                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701413                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202338                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553622     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36498      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24643      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956515                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36789                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36789                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36533                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.331518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.282019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.331518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954649                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           147414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1481088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1769728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3250816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1481088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1481088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            27652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          100972097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          120649919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              221622016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     100972097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         100972097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        84313577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              84313577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        84313577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         100972097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         120649919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             305935593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     26154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               121085                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13206                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50794                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50794                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1498                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     781958500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   246480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1706258500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15862.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34612.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50794                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     127.763845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.677228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    132.367446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         19304     60.88%     60.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8820     27.82%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2092      6.60%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          601      1.90%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          325      1.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          191      0.60%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           94      0.30%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           60      0.19%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          221      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.857837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.883194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      64.227341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             200     24.30%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            333     40.46%     64.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            209     25.39%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            60      7.29%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.97%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.36%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.24%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.12%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.12%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.24%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.032807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.999680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.067157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               406     49.33%     49.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                33      4.01%     53.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               335     40.70%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3154944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   897152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3250816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1236736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        215.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     221.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      84.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14667370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      209181.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1481088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1673856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       897152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 100972096.951996445656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 114113915.118940234184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61162684.948279589415                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    800380750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    905877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350332171000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34585.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32759.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18129381.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             109677540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              58276020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            169253700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39092580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1157367120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5293785510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1174698720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8002151190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         545.540836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3004247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    489580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11174462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             116788980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62055840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            182719740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34081380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1157367120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5596048530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         920161440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8069223030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.113410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2318817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    489580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11859892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2403055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2403055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2422605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2422605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54880.558157                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54880.558157                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54893.277140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54893.277140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2315483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2315483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2334341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2334341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52880.603832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52880.603832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52893.322457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52893.322457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1507947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1507947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54604.106315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54604.106315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1452715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52604.106315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52604.106315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    895108000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    895108000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55352.668357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55352.668357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53352.792035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53352.792035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.003524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.003524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247490                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50795                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64661                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.709142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   149.982907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.273749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.452486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.292935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.493071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169386                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80922                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19086900000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 201428                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1402328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   402221                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              961145703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019087                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19086900000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848988                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208356                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19086889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19086889                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325464                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325464                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750954                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041957     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54023      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920776     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41385      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987754                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        14211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        14211                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7093                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4671                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    301249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    301249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65742.504409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64320.906433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64493.470349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65742.504409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64320.906433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64493.470349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63742.504409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62320.906433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62493.470349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63742.504409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62320.906433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62493.470349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    26                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        14211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    301249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65742.504409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64320.906433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64493.470349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.038368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.366527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63742.504409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62320.906433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62493.470349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          673.704008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 74                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.846154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14668368000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.989708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    89.051744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   481.662556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.003675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.039040                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149181                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149181                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2512562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2512562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2512562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2512562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42459.856358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42459.856358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42459.856358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42459.856358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2394212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2394212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2394212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2394212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40459.856358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40459.856358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40459.856358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40459.856358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2512562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2512562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42459.856358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42459.856358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2394212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2394212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40459.856358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40459.856358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.180770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.233083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.180770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267531                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               55465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              55465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 130254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       298944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       298944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4786496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           152085000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25237750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1517376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2032384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3549760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1517376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1517376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            31756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                55465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           79498295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          106480570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              185978865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      79498295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          79498295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64795016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64795016                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64795016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          79498295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         106480570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             250773882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23709.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30257.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               131561                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13206                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        55465                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      55465                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     839629250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   269830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1851491750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15558.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34308.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  55465                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        34266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     126.976478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.368970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    130.116107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         20983     61.24%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9318     27.19%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2412      7.04%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          640      1.87%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          336      0.98%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          196      0.57%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           95      0.28%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      0.18%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          223      0.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         34266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.857837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.883194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      64.227341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             200     24.30%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            333     40.46%     64.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            209     25.39%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            60      7.29%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.97%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.36%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.24%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.12%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.12%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.24%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.032807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.999680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.067157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               406     49.33%     49.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                33      4.01%     53.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               335     40.70%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3453824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   897152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3549760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1236736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        180.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         47.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     185.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19083303000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      255161.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1517376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1936448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       897152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 79498294.641874790192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 101454295.878324925900                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 47003546.935332611203                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23709                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        31756                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    818697750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1032794000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350332171000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34531.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32522.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18129381.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             118352640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              62905920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            186196920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39092580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1506482640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6487310790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1866371040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10266712530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.893138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4790653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    637260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13658986250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             126306600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              67133550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            199120320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34081380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1506482640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6810515610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1594198560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10337838660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.619575                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4059387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    637260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14390252250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62419                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62419                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2978063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2978063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2997613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2997613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47976.785398                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47976.785398                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48024.047165                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48024.047165                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2853919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2853919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2872777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2872777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45976.817618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45976.817618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46024.079207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46024.079207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62162                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1812486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1812486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43617.606007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43617.606007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1729380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1729380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41617.654137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41617.654137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1165577000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1165577000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.766314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56804.766314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1124539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1124539000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54804.766314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54804.766314                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.234208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.234208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695312                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1965023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2410236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4375259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1965023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2410236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4375259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51820.226793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62039.536680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56991.780643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51820.226793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62039.536680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56991.780643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1889183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2332538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4221721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1889183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2332538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4221721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49820.226793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60039.588160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54991.806695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49820.226793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60039.588160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54991.806695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1965023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2410236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4375259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51820.226793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62039.536680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56991.780643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1889183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2332538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4221721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49820.226793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60039.588160                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54991.806695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.239475                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.333552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.169082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.736841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.283855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.203455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.509252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121594                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19086900000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23539167000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 191958                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1413136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   382552                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              903688348                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000061                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023539                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23539167000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055701                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147120                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23539156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23539156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397324                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397324                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607494                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262224                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679471                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846873                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567788     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66834      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51345      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964964                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        24538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        24538                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35918                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14063                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    880445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83933000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    880445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        25817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        49981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        25817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        49981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65623.924941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62305.381727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62607.196189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65623.924941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62305.381727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62607.196189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    852319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    852319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63623.924941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60305.381727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60607.196189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63623.924941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60305.381727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60607.196189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    54                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        24538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    796512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    880445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        25817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        49981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65623.924941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62305.381727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62607.196189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    852319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.529051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63623.924941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60305.381727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60607.196189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2130.799112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               54                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14668368000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   172.785396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.064610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1722.949107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.013145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110481                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411149                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411149                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2836890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2836890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2836890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2836890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37917.212436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37917.212436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37917.212436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37917.212436                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2687254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2687254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35917.212436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35917.212436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35917.212436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35917.212436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2836890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2836890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37917.212436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37917.212436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2687254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2687254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35917.212436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35917.212436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.714007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.853893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.714007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560785                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               64857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              64857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 149038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5387584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           161477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75303250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1562944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2587904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4150848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1562944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1562944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            24421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            40436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                64857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           66397592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          109940339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              176337931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      66397592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          66397592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        52539497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              52539497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        52539497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          66397592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         109940339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             228877428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     24421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38937.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               151488                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13206                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        64857                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      64857                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     929683000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   316790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2117645500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14673.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33423.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     30509                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  64857                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    63327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.915894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.297480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.011150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         22514     60.89%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9772     26.43%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2704      7.31%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          707      1.91%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          369      1.00%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          219      0.59%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          205      0.55%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      0.25%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          394      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.857837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.883194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      64.227341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             200     24.30%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            333     40.46%     64.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            209     25.39%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            60      7.29%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.97%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.36%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.24%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.12%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.12%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.24%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.032807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.999680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.067157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               406     49.33%     49.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                33      4.01%     53.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               335     40.70%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4054912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   897152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4150848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1236736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        172.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         38.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     176.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      52.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23538899000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      279622.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1562944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2491968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       897152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 66397591.724465020001                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 105864748.739834338427                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 38113158.379818625748                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        24421                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        40436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    841561750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1276083750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350332171000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34460.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31558.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18129381.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             128655660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              68378310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            217684320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39092580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1858056720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7772003010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2494195680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12578066280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         534.346278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6410051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    785980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16343135750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             135367260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              71949405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            234691800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34081380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1858056720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8073104940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2240636160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12647887665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         537.312457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5727377250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    785980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17025809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932914                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932914                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3789196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3789196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3837717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3837717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47435.510322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47435.510322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47606.676343                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47606.676343                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3629436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3629436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3676493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3676493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45435.535359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45435.535359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45606.701152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45606.701152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2027674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2027674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39928.990587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39928.990587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1926110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1926110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37928.990587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37928.990587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1761522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1761522000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60535.482319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60535.482319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1703326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1703326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58535.551050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58535.551050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48521000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48521000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.379052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.379052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094139                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2153763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3093986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5247749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2153763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3093986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5247749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43991.155865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59709.863558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52073.400413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43991.155865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59709.863558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52073.400413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2055845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2990354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5046199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2055845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2990354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5046199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41991.155865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57709.902156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50073.420259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41991.155865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57709.902156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50073.420259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123542                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2153763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3093986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5247749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43991.155865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59709.863558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52073.400413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2055845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2990354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5046199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41991.155865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57709.902156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50073.420259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.572466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.063859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.460270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.048337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.265750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.190352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.541110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23539167000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27796781000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 188872                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1427376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   374812                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              874987333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000029                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027797                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27796781000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315098                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320748                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829166                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27796770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27796770                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884176                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615739                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533930                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319016                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177012     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67368      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51547      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           46353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31180                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15173                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          46353                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19703                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1096198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1217594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1096198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1217594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        33066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        66056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        33066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        66056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64366.914104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.397093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61797.391260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64366.914104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.397093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61797.391260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          178                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              178                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.914104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.397093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59797.391260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.914104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.397093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59797.391260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   235                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          46353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1096198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1217594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        33066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        66056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64366.914104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.397093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61797.391260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.540073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.914104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.397093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59797.391260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22316                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22316                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22316                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22316                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4706.984857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.119149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14668368000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   218.530074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   448.246643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4040.208140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.030824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.035911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        19940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        16215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.152130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3312846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3312846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3312846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3312846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32418.812201                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.812201                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32418.812201                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.812201                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3108468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3108468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3108468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3108468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30418.812201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.812201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30418.812201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.812201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101933                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3312846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3312846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32418.812201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32418.812201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3108468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3108468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30418.812201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30418.812201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.064151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.985687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.064151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931355                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        39584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        39584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 160496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1272384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1272384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5759936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           168007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1601792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2910016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4511808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1601792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1601792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1248128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1248128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            25028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            45469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                70497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           57625090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          104688957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              162314046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      57625090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          57625090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        44901890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              44901890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        44901890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          57625090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         104688957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             207215936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14222.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     25028.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     43970.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.020342846500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           834                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           834                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               164028                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13374                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        70497                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19502                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      70497                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19502                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     973379250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   344990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2267091750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14107.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32857.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     35444                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10041                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  70497                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19502                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    68967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        37710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     141.195439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.504043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.905482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         22703     60.20%     60.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9882     26.21%     86.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2764      7.33%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          725      1.92%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          392      1.04%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      0.63%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          340      0.90%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      0.28%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          561      1.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         37710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       82.565947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.817304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     655.621955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           833     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.022782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.989731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.065990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               415     49.76%     49.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                34      4.08%     53.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               336     40.29%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4415872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   908608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4511808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1248128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        158.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     162.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      44.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27756585000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      308409.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1601792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2814080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       908608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 57625089.754097789526                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 101237621.723177224398                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 32687525.940503686666                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        25028                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        45469                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19502                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    858790750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1408301000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 617440623000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34313.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30972.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  31660374.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             131076120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              69668610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            238647360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39264840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2193650160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8255795070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3721715520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14649817680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.032885                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9596021750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    927940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17272819250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             138173280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              73440840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            253998360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34843500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2193650160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8531331360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3489684960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14715122460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.382250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8969557500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    927940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17899283500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252817                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252817                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4253838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4253838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4302359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4302359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47691.440103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47691.440103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47842.794711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47842.794711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4075450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4075450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4122507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4122507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45691.462526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45691.462526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45842.816952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45842.816952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2106782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38501.133041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38501.133041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1997344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36501.169591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36501.169591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2147056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2147056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62278.636693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62278.636693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2078106000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078106000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60278.636693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60278.636693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48521000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     48521000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64285.519126                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.474162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.474162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432670                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3498344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5782593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3498344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5782593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40639.215058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57687.515459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49486.893565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40639.215058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57687.515459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49486.893565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2171833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3377060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5548893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2171833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3377060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5548893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38639.215058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55687.548439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47486.910681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38639.215058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55687.548439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47486.910681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140553                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3498344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5782593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40639.215058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57687.515459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49486.893565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2171833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3377060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5548893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38639.215058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55687.548439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47486.910681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.791120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   125.983980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   110.772418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.034722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.216352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.535224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381463                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6540096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433526000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27796781000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31928423000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 184205                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1434280                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   362048                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              840187558                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031928                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31928423000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536926                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31928423                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31928423                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433551                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555845                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275372                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462032                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864803                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535195                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130762                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701243     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67368      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034544      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51547      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23063                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63226                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         20988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        20988                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1298229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1298229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        84214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        84214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64060.287081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61611.969521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61855.774728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64060.287081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61611.969521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61855.774728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        20988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        20988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.287081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59611.969521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59855.774728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.287081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59611.969521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59855.774728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   259                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        20988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1164343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1298229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        84214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64060.287081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61611.969521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61855.774728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    129706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1126547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1256253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.287081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59611.969521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59855.774728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6722.615791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             109792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            21462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.115646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      14668368000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   251.029006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   644.529387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5827.057398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.044457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.051289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        21203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.161766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           131254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          131254                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137263                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137263                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3887803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3887803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3887803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3887803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28323.750756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28323.750756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28323.750756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28323.750756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3613277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3613277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26323.750756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26323.750756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26323.750756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26323.750756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137007                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3887803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3887803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28323.750756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28323.750756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3613277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26323.750756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26323.750756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.314656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.663974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.314656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287760                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               71782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              71782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        42171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        42171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 163083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1355712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1355712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5843264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           169377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          112008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1614848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2979200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4594048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1614848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1614848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1249216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1249216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            25232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            46550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                71782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           50577130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           93308711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              143885841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      50577130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          50577130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        39125515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              39125515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        39125515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          50577130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          93308711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             183011356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14239.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     25232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     45051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.020342846500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           835                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           835                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               167676                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13389                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        71782                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19519                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      71782                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19519                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     987018500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   351415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2304824750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14043.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32793.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     36101                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    10053                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  71782                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19519                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    70252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        38342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     141.039695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.549646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.344130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         23017     60.03%     60.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10126     26.41%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2816      7.34%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          733      1.91%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          395      1.03%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          239      0.62%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          342      0.89%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      0.28%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          567      1.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         38342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       82.821557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.921812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     655.270408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           834     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.021557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.988510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.065939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               416     49.82%     49.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                34      4.07%     53.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               336     40.24%     94.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4498112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   909632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4594048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1249216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        140.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         28.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     143.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      39.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31904958000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      349448.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1614848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2883264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       909632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 50577129.976009152830                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 90303990.272241145372                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 28489725.283331409097                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        25232                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        46550                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19519                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    864470500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1440354250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 680902653500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34260.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30942.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34884095.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             132054300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              70188525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            240882180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39311820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2520024000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8491400580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5109861600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16603723005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.029536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13202420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1066000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  17660003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             141707580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              75319365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            260938440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34880040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2520024000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8899370100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4766308320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16698547845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.999456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12285201750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1066000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18577221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564382                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564382                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4463071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4463071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4601697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4601697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44920.446882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44920.446882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44642.429593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44642.429593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4264361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4264361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4395539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4395539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42920.446882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42920.446882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42642.429593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42642.429593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2276134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2276134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35624.152881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35624.152881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2148348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2148348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33624.152881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33624.152881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2186937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2186937000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61669.871976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61669.871976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2116013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2116013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59669.871976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59669.871976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138626000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    138626000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37225.026853                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37225.026853                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131178000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131178000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35225.026853                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35225.026853                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.542207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.542207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770540                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2415762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3680950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6096712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2415762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3680950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6096712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36941.081122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52877.336130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45158.153591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36941.081122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52877.336130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45158.153591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3541724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5826696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3541724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5826696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34941.081122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50877.336130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43158.153591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34941.081122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50877.336130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43158.153591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161843                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2415762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3680950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6096712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36941.081122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52877.336130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45158.153591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2284972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3541724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5826696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34941.081122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50877.336130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43158.153591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.947553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.470092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   125.863142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.614320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.245826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.509012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31928423000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
