
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4842402000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93291                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34271752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   168338                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451631339                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004842                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4842402000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4842391                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4842391                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25929                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6490                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32419                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7728                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    465958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    465958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61246.519247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59437.146371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60294.772257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61246.519247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59437.146371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60294.772257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          268                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              268                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59246.519247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57437.146371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58294.772257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59246.519247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57437.146371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58294.772257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1623                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    465958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61246.519247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59437.146371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60294.772257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59246.519247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57437.146371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58294.772257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3790.112362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.886630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.195704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1503.572324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2272.344334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.138693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.231330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.379822                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            55789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           55789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    937836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    937836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    937836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    937836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23415.459902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23415.459902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23415.459902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23415.459902                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    857732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    857732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21415.459902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21415.459902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21415.459902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21415.459902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    937836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    937836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23415.459902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23415.459902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    857732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    857732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21415.459902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21415.459902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.816487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.816487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9068000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41213750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          234432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          260160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              494592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       234432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         234432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           48412338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           53725403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              102137741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      48412338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          48412338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3542044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3542044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3542044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          48412338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          53725403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105679785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       259.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006262306750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            14                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16919                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 226                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7728                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         268                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       268                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64006000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                208549750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8302.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27052.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   268                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     215.484746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.497818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    244.091739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           961     40.72%     40.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          786     33.31%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          236     10.00%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          115      4.87%     88.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           63      2.67%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.57%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      1.19%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.81%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115      4.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      544.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     197.396415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1407.823620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             11     78.57%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2     14.29%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      7.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             14                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  493376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    15232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   494592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        101.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     102.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4840302000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      605340.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       234432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       258944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        15232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 48412337.513490207493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 53474288.173513889313                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3145546.363147875760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4065                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          268                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    102209750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    106340000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  62561808500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27903.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26159.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 233439583.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7818300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4155525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24497340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              626400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1046322780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         978368640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2443480425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.600904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2533230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2147712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9039240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4800675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30544920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              615960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      381691440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1337468520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         733193280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2497354035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.726293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1893246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2787695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    513627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    534045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30384.938476                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30384.938476                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31027.480827                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31027.480827                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28385.056791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28385.056791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29027.597025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29027.597025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20689.279225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20689.279225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18689.452280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18689.452280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51341.125865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51341.125865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49341.125865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49341.125865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20418000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20418000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66292.207792                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66292.207792                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19802000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19802000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64292.207792                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64292.207792                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.794254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.794254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    972413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    972413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20333.738848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35117.184540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24220.708379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20333.738848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35117.184540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24220.708379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18333.738848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33117.374005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22220.758195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18333.738848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33117.374005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22220.758195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20333.738848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35117.184540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24220.708379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    542532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    349587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18333.738848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33117.374005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22220.758195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.047692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.099162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.078340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   177.870190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.455231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.347403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4842402000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9053229000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91173                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34300352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   167596                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453164594                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1821420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009053                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9053229000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            391924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1821420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      414350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           340                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      282943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2439945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9053229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               9053228.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2031557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1201957                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  38128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         38128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       49674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3318150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3318150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6580871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2695536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      414226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        697160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     282934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15514      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2598594     77.61%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.06%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     21134      0.63%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     741      0.02%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2857      0.09%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2444      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7603      0.23%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   411642     12.29%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262269      7.83%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2584      0.08%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20665      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3348261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           69728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51457                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18271                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          69728                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13339                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    811703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    811703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        83067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61687.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.784209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60851.862958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61687.895621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.784209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60851.862958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1631                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1631                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    785025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    785025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59687.895621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.784209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58851.862958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59687.895621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.784209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58851.862958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6286                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          69728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334177000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    811703000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61687.895621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59695.784209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60851.862958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.130765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.234530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59687.895621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.784209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58851.862958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5273.862075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.107336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.313460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2404.376174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2838.172442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.146751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.173228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.321891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.464172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           112619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          112619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1861037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1861037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24087.975667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24087.975667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24087.975667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24087.975667                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1706517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1706517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1706517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1706517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22087.975667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.975667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22087.975667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.975667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      77004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1861037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1861037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24087.975667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24087.975667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1706517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1706517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22087.975667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22087.975667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.692555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2439945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.580960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.692555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2517205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2517205                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       958080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       958080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  958080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           71223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          495424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          358272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              853696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       495424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         495424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       104384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           104384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54723458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39573946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               94297405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54723458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54723458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11530030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11530030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11530030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54723458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39573946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105827435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5439.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006262306750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            84                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            84                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30262                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1351                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1631                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1631                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    166                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     121452000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    65900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                368577000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9214.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27964.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8813                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1144                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1631                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     200.890803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.585073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    218.849175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1961     42.24%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1480     31.88%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          539     11.61%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          228      4.91%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      2.93%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      1.42%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      1.14%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.69%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          148      3.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           84                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      155.761905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.660585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     588.426319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             78     92.86%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      5.95%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      1.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             84                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           84                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.059524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.029881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.010203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                39     46.43%     46.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      2.38%     48.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                42     50.00%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             84                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  843520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    91712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   853696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                104384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         93.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      94.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9053152000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      604752.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       495424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       348096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        91712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54723458.337351240218                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38449927.644600622356                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10130308.202741807327                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5598                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1631                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    219394750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    149182250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 165692515000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28341.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26649.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 101589524.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14037240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7441995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39362820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2834460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1946066070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1837647840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4561602105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.864655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4757971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    302120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3993137750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19206600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10178190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             54742380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4645800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      714211680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2635259910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1257274080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4695518640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         518.656784                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3243254750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    302120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5507854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    942893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    942893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    988675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    988675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25835.516221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25835.516221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26029.407893                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26029.407893                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    869901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    869901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    912709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23835.516221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23835.516221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24029.407893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24029.407893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    566124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20783.582364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20783.582364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18783.582364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18783.582364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    376769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40700.983040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40700.983040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38700.983040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38700.983040                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     45782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30788.164089                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30788.164089                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42808000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42808000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28788.164089                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28788.164089                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.820188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  697227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 18.356291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.820188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                735210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               735210                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               32176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              32176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             83067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            83067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1864896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1864896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.060982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26531.400561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22450.503810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.060982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26531.400561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22450.503810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1698762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1698762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18805.060982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24531.400561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20450.503810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18805.060982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24531.400561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20450.503810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              32176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            83067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231618000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1864896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20805.060982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26531.400561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22450.503810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1113222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1698762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18805.060982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24531.400561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20450.503810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.351104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.401280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.430140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   279.603801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.317162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.155137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.546101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               229620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              229620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         18753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  249239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8575744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            209008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9053229000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
