
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12942274000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61778                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34220936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73547                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              799528004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1190529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012942                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12942274000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1190529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      857136                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3343                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563334                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12942263                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12942263                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               237346                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              182456                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46538                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 810708                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        810708                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               811219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1191419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1191419                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3022627                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             286814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        861695                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     857135                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    329666     27.65%     27.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.37%     28.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47147      3.95%     32.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             809988     67.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1192198                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107270                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6452368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6481814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6452368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6481814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.670213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60425.226065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.670213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60425.226065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        73934                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            73934                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6238836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6267274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6238836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6267274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58434.670213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58425.226065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58434.670213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58425.226065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 74502                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6452368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6481814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60434.670213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60425.226065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6238836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6267274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58434.670213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58425.226065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106206                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106206                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        27799.272883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             148537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            74502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.993732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.803345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 27693.469539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.845138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562695                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.404138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.404138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1563973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1563973                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        73934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       288474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       288474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 288474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     11597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     11597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11597056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           476940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          564730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6833024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6865280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      4731776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          4731776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         73934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               73934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2492298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          527961624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              530453922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2492298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2492298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       365606230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             365606230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       365606230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2492298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         527961624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             896060151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     73934.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106766.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          4426                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          4426                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               287525                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               69589                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107270                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       73934                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107270                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     73934                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               4610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               4664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              4624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              4638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              4637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              4637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              4608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     902211000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2913523500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8410.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27160.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     97417                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    67602                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107270                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 73934                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    4419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    4428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    4428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    4428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    4433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    4451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    4427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    4426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     717.824666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    538.514259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.700524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           722      4.47%      4.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3106     19.23%     23.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          658      4.07%     27.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          520      3.22%     30.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          737      4.56%     35.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          526      3.26%     38.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          516      3.19%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          625      3.87%     45.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8742     54.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.232942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.739050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     493.267946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          4425     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           4426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.697244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.671054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.946275                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2845     64.28%     64.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                85      1.92%     66.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1487     33.60%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      0.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           4426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6865280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  4729728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6865280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               4731776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        530.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        365.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     530.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     365.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12942190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       71423.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6833024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      4729728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2492297.721405063756                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 527961624.054629027843                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 365447988.506502032280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        73934                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2900869500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 221511054000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27170.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2996064.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              57819720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              30728115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            383639340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           193338360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1021531680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3069408960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2385068160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7141534335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.799037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6112832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    432120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6397322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              57512700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30568725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           192430080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1021531680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3059264670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2393610720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7137187035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.463138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6135919750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    432120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6374234250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753196                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753196                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106846                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106846                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8268625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8268625000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8268625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8268625000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       860042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           860042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       860042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          860042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77388.250379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77388.250379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77388.250379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77388.250379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106486                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106486                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8054935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8054935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8054935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8054935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75388.269098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75388.269098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75388.269098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75388.269098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106589                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         748778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             748778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8260109000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8260109000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       855467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         855467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124714                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77422.311579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77422.311579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8046733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8046733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75422.330325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75422.330325                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.468796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  857998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.049592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.468796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                966887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               966887                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7626950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7662889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7626950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7662889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71427.434233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71378.302098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71427.434233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71378.302098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106206                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106206                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7413394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7413394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69427.452964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69378.320727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69427.452964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69378.320727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    106988                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7626950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7662889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71427.434233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71378.302098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7413394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7448179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69427.452964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69378.320727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106486                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106486                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.353317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               106988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.377458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.203542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.772317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107485                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106486                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13653184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13694080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            639915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12942274000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26212117000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61798                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73058                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              809917329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2364435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26212117000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91135                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2364435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1728395                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6741                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3131940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26212106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26212106                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               454736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              356368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1636790                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1636790                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1637301                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2367024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2367024                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6029405                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             547682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1732954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1728394                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    634012     26.78%     26.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.19%     27.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92324      3.90%     30.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1636070     69.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2367803                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13215454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13244900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13215454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13244900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       216050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       216050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61335.712728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61328.919038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61335.712728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61328.919038                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       182629                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           182629                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12784532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12812970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12784532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12812970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.712728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59328.919038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.712728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59328.919038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                183197                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13215454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13244900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       216050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61335.712728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61328.919038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12784532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12812970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59335.712728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59328.919038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214901                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214901                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        30314.683170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             365927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           183197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    52.240568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 30262.442602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.923536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           646916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          646916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3131940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3131940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3131940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.705792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.705792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132579                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       182629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       614559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       614559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 614559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25510016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25510016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25510016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1129110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1136755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13789504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13821760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     11688256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         11688256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        182629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              182629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1230576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          526073648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              527304223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1230576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1230576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       445910416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             445910416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       445910416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1230576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         526073648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             973214640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    182629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215461.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         10930                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         10930                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               610724                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              171963                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215965                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      182629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    182629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2011781250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6061125000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9315.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28065.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    195565                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   167012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215965                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                182629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    3693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   10913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   10947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   10957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   10931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   10931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   10931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   10931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   10931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   10933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   10944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   10987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   10930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        35988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     708.792709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    527.537387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.080492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1621      4.50%      4.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7150     19.87%     24.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1502      4.17%     28.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1177      3.27%     31.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1692      4.70%     36.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1211      3.37%     39.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1202      3.34%     43.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1459      4.05%     47.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18974     52.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         35988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.757914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.707321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     313.892229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         10929     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          10930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.706404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.679779                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              6996     64.01%     64.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               204      1.87%     65.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3673     33.60%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          10930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13821760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 11686464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13821760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              11688256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        527.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        445.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     527.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     445.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26212033000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65761.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13789504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     11686464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1230575.920289078495                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 526073647.542470514774                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 445842050.834734201431                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215461                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       182629                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6048471000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 545004469500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28072.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2984216.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             128834160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              68476980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772083900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           477447300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2068878240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6224725470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4823579040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14564025090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.621856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12350255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    875160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12986701250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             128127300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              68097480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            769906200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           475729920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2068878240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6209356560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4836521280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14556616980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.339234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12384528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    875160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12952428500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1514061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1514061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1514061                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1514061                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215541                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215541                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16879526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16879526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16879526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16879526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1729602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1729602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1729602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1729602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78312.367485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78312.367485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78312.367485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78312.367485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215181                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215181                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16448446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16448446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16448446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16448446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76312.376764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76312.376764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76312.376764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76312.376764                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215284                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1509643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1509643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16871010000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16871010000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1725027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1725027                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124858                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78329.913085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78329.913085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16440244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16440244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124858                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76329.922371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76329.922371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.243966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1727558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.024554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.243966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1945142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1945142                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15585681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15621620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15585681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15621620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72332.072547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72305.242744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72332.072547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72305.242744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214901                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15154735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15189520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15154735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15189520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70332.081829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70305.252001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70332.081829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70305.252001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215683                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15585681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15621620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72332.072547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72305.242744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15154735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15189520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70332.081829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70305.252001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215181                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215181                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.693196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.186371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.088003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.418823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647556                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216180                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27566144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27607040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1292085000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1077700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26212117000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39481236000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    74123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              827072682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3538349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039481                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39481236000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3538349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2599659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39481225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39481225                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               672126                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              530282                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2462877                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2462877                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2463389                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3542636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3542636                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9036199                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             808552                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2599658                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    938360     26.48%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.13%     26.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137501      3.88%     30.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2462157     69.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3543415                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324661                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19977767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  20007213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19977767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  20007213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61629.910815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.934932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61629.910815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.934932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       291325                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           291325                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19329453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19357891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19329453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19357891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59629.910815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.934932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59629.910815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.934932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                291893                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19977767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20007213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61629.910815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.934932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19329453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19357891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59629.910815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.934932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323597                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323597                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323597                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323597                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31139.210370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             583319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           291893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    34.683207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31104.527163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.949235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           973004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          973004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4699918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4699918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4699918                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4699918                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4699918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4699918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.804672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.804672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701196                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       291325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       940647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       940647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 940647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39423104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     39423104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39423104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1781286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1708783750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20746048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20778304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18644800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18644800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        291325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              291325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             816996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          525466021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              526283017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        816996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            816996                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       472244587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             472244587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       472244587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            816996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         525466021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             998527604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    291325.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324157.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17434                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17434                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               933919                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              274338                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324661                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      291325                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324661                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    291325                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3120527500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9207921250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9611.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28361.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    293704                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   266417                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324661                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                291325                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        55842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     705.931163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    523.857890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.893671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2563      4.59%      4.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11167     20.00%     24.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2341      4.19%     28.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1837      3.29%     32.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2658      4.76%     36.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1899      3.40%     40.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1875      3.36%     43.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2284      4.09%     47.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        29218     52.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         55842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.621946                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.699391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     248.538425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         17433     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.708960                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11141     63.90%     63.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               326      1.87%     65.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5867     33.65%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               100      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20778304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18643456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20778304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18644800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        526.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        472.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     526.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     472.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39481170000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64094.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20746048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18643456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 816995.698918848415                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 525466021.377851426601                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 472210545.789397239685                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324157                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       291325                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9195267250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 868438173750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28366.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980994.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             199634400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             106108200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159585980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           760794120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3116224800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9375528720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7265612640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21983488860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.808527                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18596509000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1318200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19566527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             199091760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             105812190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1158493560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           759812760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3116224800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9364423980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7274964000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21978823050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.690349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18621114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1318200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19541922000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2274931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2274931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2274931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2274931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324237                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324237                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25489671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25489671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25489671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25489671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78614.319155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78614.319155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78614.319155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78614.319155                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323877                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323877                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24841199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24841199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24841199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24841199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76614.325324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76614.325324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76614.325324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76614.325324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     323980                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2270513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2270513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324080                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25481155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25481155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2594593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2594593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78626.126265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78626.126265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24832997000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24832997000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76626.132436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76626.132436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.498059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2597126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                323980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.016316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.498059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2923404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2923404                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324747                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23543650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23579589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23543650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23579589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.479409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72609.104934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.479409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72609.104934                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323597                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323597                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22895312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22930097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22895312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22930097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.485579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70609.111093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.485579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70609.111093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324379                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23543650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23579589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72627.479409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72609.104934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22895312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22930097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70627.485579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70609.111093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.132396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 647984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.123734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.722339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.286322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973644                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973644                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324875                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323877                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41479232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41520128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1944261000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39481236000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52751626000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69011                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221732                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    81299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              910108196                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4712255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052752                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52751626000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4712255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3470918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13535                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269163                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52751615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52751615                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               889516                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              704194                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176972                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3288959                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3288959                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3289471                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4718241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4718241                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12042977                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1069420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3475477                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3470917                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1242706     26.33%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.09%     26.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182678      3.87%     30.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3288239     69.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4719020                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433356                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26741400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26770846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26741400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26770846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61779.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61775.644043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61779.545896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61775.644043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       400020                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           400020                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25875696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25904134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25875696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25904134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59779.545896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59775.644043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59779.545896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59775.644043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                400588                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26741400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26770846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61779.545896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61775.644043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25875696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25904134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59779.545896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59775.644043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432292                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432292                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31548.954586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             800709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           400588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    25.958174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31522.996412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.962798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1299089                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1299089                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268524                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268524                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.853809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.853809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269802                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       400020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1266732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1266732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1266732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     53336064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     53336064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                53336064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2433456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2280807750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27702528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27734784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25601280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25601280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        400020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              400020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             611469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          525150220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525761689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        611469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            611469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       485317363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             485317363                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       485317363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            611469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         525150220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1011079052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    400020.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432852.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         23940                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         23940                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1257107                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              376714                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      400020                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    400020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4230645250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2166780000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12356070250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9762.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28512.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    391843                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   365836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                400020                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   23977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   23941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   23941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   23945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   23972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   23940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        75673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.795000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.596677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.117776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3462      4.57%      4.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15196     20.08%     24.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3181      4.20%     28.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2511      3.32%     32.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3616      4.78%     36.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2585      3.42%     40.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2549      3.37%     43.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3116      4.12%     47.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        39457     52.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         75673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.101546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.694205                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     212.095428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         23939    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          23940                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.708354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15305     63.93%     63.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               449      1.88%     65.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8049     33.62%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               137      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          23940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27734784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25599872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27734784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25601280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        485.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     485.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52751560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63298.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27702528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25599872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 611469.303334839409                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 525150220.014071226120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 485290671.419303715229                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432852                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       400020                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12343416250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1191942503000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28516.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979707.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             270227580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             143629365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1044093960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4163571360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12520130370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9713356800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29402097495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.368554                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24857169750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1761240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26133216250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             270091920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             143549670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1547073780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1043895600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4163571360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12518825640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9714455520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29401463490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.356535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24860632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1761240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26129753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035796                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035796                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432932                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34101119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34101119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34101119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34101119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3468728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3468728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3468728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78767.841139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78767.841139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78767.841139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78767.841139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432572                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432572                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33235257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33235257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33235257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33235257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76767.845759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76767.845759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76767.845759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76767.845759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432675                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3031378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3031378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432775                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34092603000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34092603000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3464153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3464153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78776.738490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78776.738490                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432775                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33227055000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33227055000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76776.743111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76776.743111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.624329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3466686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.012217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.624329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3901659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3901659                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31502928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31538867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31502928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31538867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72777.720536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.753859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72777.720536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.753859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30637200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30671985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30637200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30671985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70777.725157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.758473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70777.725157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.758473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31502928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31538867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72777.720536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72763.753859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30637200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30671985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70777.725157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70763.758473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.350653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.092607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.540625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.717421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433570                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298435                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55392192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55433088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2596431000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2164655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52751626000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                66023021000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    93870                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1052906885                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5886180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.066023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66023021000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000011                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5886180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4342190                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16931                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         66023010                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   66023010                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1106911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              878108                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220451                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4115055                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4115055                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4115566                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5893864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5893864                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1330292                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4346749                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4342189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1547057     26.25%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.08%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227854      3.87%     30.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4114335     69.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5894643                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        542052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       542052                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33505953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33535399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33505953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33535399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.698442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61867.494263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.698442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61867.494263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       508716                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           508716                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       542052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       542052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32422857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32451295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32422857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32451295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.698442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59867.494263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.698442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59867.494263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                509284                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       542052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33505953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33535399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61870.698442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61867.494263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32422857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32451295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59870.698442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59867.494263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       540988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       540988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       540988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       540988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31793.996890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1018101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           509284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    20.740279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31773.256611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.969643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24591                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625177                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625177                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837151                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837151                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.883195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.883195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838429                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       508716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1592820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1592820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1592820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     67249152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     67249152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                67249152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3085632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2852831500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34659072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34691328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32557824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32557824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        508716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              508716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             488557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524954349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525442906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        488557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            488557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       493128359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             493128359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       493128359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            488557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524954349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1018571265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    508716.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541548.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         30446                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         30446                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1580302                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              479090                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542052                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      508716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542052                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    508716                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              31872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              31872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              31872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              31816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              31744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              31746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              31800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             31760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             31774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             31756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             31773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             31809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             31872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5341636500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2710260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15505111500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9854.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28604.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    489990                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   465254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542052                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                508716                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   30398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   30494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   30525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   30453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   30485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   30605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   30446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        95505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.130004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    521.889882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.229547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4356      4.56%      4.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19235     20.14%     24.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4012      4.20%     28.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3181      3.33%     32.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4586      4.80%     37.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3271      3.42%     40.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3225      3.38%     43.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3943      4.13%     47.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        49696     52.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         95505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.803685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.691378                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     188.074329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         30445    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          30446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.708205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.681514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             19465     63.93%     63.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               573      1.88%     65.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10235     33.62%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               173      0.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          30446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34691328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32556672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34691328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32557824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        493.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     493.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66022919000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62833.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34659072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32556672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 488556.862613117904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524954348.877795219421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 493110910.511047363281                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541548                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       508716                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15492457500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1515448164750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28607.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978966.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             341020680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             181256790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934590140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1327393800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5211532560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15668416500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12158384160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36822594630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.723565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31111528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2204540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32706952500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             340892160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             181184685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1935661140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1328009760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5211532560.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15674391240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12153352800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36825024345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.760366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31097788500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2204540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32720692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3796674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3796674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3796674                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3796674                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541628                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541628                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42713504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42713504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42713504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42713504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78861.329178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.329178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78861.329178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.329178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541268                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541268                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41630250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41630250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41630250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41630250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76861.332871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76861.332871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76861.332871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76861.332871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541371                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3792256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3792256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541471                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42704988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42704988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4333727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4333727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124943                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78868.467563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78868.467563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41622048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41622048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124943                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76868.471257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76868.471257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.699843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4336254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.699843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4879929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4879929                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39463137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39499076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39463137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39499076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72869.237260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72857.973431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72869.237260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72857.973431                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         540988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               540988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38380017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38414802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38380017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38414802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70869.240953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70857.977120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70869.240953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70857.977120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541770                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541561                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39463137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39499076000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72869.237260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72857.973431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38380017000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38414802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70869.240953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70857.977120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541268                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541268                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541268                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541268                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.481180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.073992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.431953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.975235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625817                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542266                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541268                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69305280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69346176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3248607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  66023021000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79290650000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   105806                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1188292440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7060086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079291                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79290650000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            265048                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7060086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5213448                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20327                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406394                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79290639                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79290639                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1324301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1052020                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       263929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4941137                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4941137                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4941648                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7069468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7069468                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18056574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1591160                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5218007                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5213447                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1851403     26.19%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.06%     26.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273030      3.86%     30.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4940417     69.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7070247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650747                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40266829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40296275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40266829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40296275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61925.816964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.105293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61925.816964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.105293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       617411                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           617411                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38966343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38994781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38966343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38994781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59925.816964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.105293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59925.816964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.105293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                617979                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40266829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40296275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61925.816964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61923.105293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38966343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38994781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59925.816964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59923.105293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31956.975903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1235491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           617979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.269828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31939.706076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405755                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405755                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.902740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   14082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.769784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.902740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9407033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9407033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       617411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1918905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1918905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1918905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     81162112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     81162112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                81162112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3737802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3424876250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41615552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41647808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     39514304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         39514304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        617411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              617411                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             406807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524848163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525254970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        406807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            406807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       498347586                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             498347586                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       498347586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            406807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524848163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1023602556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    617411.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650243.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36949                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36949                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1903506                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              581451                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650747                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      617411                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650747                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    617411                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              38618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              38530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              38584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             38544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             38558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             38540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             38557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             38593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             38656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6448976500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3253735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18650482750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9910.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28660.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    588091                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   564655                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650747                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                617411                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   37005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   37051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   37001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   37143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       115388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     703.368253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    520.760191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.551965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5325      4.61%      4.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23256     20.15%     24.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4867      4.22%     28.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3829      3.32%     32.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5552      4.81%     37.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3952      3.42%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3891      3.37%     43.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4758      4.12%     48.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        59958     51.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        115388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.611870                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     170.723983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         36948    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             23605     63.89%     63.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               700      1.89%     65.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12428     33.64%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               216      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41647808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 39512832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41647808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              39514304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        498.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     498.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79290548000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62524.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41615552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39512832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 406807.107773741300                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524848163.055795311928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 498329021.139314651489                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650243                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       617411                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18637828750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1838848451500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28662.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978321.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             411885180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             218922165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322092220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1610693640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6258879120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18812747970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14605295520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44240515815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         557.953754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37369644500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2647580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39273425500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             411992280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             218975295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2324241360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1612071720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6258879120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18824525310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14595377760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44246062845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.023712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37343436750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2647580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39299633250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4557539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4557539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4557539                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4557539                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650323                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650323                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51322195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51322195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51322195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51322195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5207862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5207862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5207862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5207862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78918.006898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78918.006898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78918.006898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78918.006898                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50021551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50021551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50021551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50021551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.009974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76918.009974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.009974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76918.009974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650066                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4553121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4553121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51313679000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51313679000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5203287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5203287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78923.965572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78923.965572                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50013349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50013349000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76923.968648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76923.968648                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.750068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5205814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.750068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5858184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5858184                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47419658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47455597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47419658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47455597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72924.598927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.167178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72924.598927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.167178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649683                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649683                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46119148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46153933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46119148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46153933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70924.602003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.170251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70924.602003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.170251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47419658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47455597000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72924.598927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72915.167178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46119148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46153933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70924.602003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70915.170251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.567993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.061611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.359675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.146708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951902                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951902                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650962                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650961                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83218240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83259136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3900777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3251610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79290650000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92559036000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99314                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   116821                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    70.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1313198116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8233993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092559                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92559036000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8233993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4575                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6084707                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23725                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10975002                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92559036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92559036                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1541691                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1225932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5767219                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5767219                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5767730                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         771                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8245074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8245074                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21063352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1852028                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4560                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6089267                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6084707                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2155749     26.14%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4458      0.05%     26.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318208      3.86%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5766499     69.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8245853                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    79                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759443                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47028450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  47057896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47028450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  47057896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61966.047337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61963.697078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61966.047337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61963.697078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       726107                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           726107                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45510572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45539010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45510572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45539010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59966.047337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59963.697078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59966.047337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59963.697078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                726675                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47028450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47057896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58424.603175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61966.047337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61963.697078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45510572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45539010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56424.603175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59966.047337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59963.697078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758379                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758379                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758379                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758379                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        32073.236630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.794189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 32058.442441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974363                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974363                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10975002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10975002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10975002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63145.539906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61145.539906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10975002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.276995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975641                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       726107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2244993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2244993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2244993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     95075200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     95075200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                95075200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4389978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3996906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48572096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48604352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     46470848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         46470848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        726107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              726107                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             348491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          524768819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              525117310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        348491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            348491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       502067113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             502067113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       502067113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            348491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         524768819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1027184423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    726107.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758939.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         43453                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         43453                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2226708                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              683826                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759443                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      726107                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    726107                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              45430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              45312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              45312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              45314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              45368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             45328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             45342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             45324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             45341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             45377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7557029750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3797215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21796586000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9950.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28700.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    686215                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   664068                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759443                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                726107                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   15704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   43384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   43523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   43569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   43463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   43517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   43680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   43453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       135247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     702.961308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    520.181306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    388.709055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6273      4.64%      4.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        27271     20.16%     24.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5713      4.22%     29.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4492      3.32%     32.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6506      4.81%     37.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4640      3.43%     40.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4559      3.37%     43.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5568      4.12%     48.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70225     51.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        135247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        43453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.477297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.689897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     157.429901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         43452    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          43453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        43453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.682998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             27750     63.86%     63.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               825      1.90%     65.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14619     33.64%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               259      0.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          43453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48604352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 46469632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48604352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              46470848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        525.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        502.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     525.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     502.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92559015000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62306.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48572096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     46469632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 348491.097076680860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 524768818.897379219532                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 502053975.583756089211                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758939                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       726107                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12654000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21783932000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2162257901250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25107.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28703.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2977877.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             482685420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             256553385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709594300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1893993480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7306225680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21963082110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17047442880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51659577255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.125705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43616659000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3090620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45851757000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             482985300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             256708980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2712828720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1896185880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7306225680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21982173120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17031366240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51668473920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.221824                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43574141750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3090620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45894274250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         759018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             759018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        759018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            759018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59931648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59931648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59931648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59931648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6077422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6077422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6077422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6077422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78959.455507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78959.455507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78959.455507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78959.455507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758659                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758659                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        759018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58413612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58413612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58413612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58413612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76959.455507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76959.455507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76959.455507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76959.455507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5313986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5313986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758861                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59923132000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59923132000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6072847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6072847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78964.569269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78964.569269                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58405410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58405410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76964.569269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76964.569269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.785896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6077422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                759018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.006954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.785896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6836440                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6836440                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759528                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55376935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55412874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55376935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55412874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       759018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       759018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72965.099196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72956.986444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72965.099196                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72956.986444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758379                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758379                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53859033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53893818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53859033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53893818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70965.099196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70956.986444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70965.099196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70956.986444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759161                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55376935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55412874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62285.961872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72965.099196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72956.986444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53859033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53893818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60285.961872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70965.099196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70956.986444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.629922                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.052779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.308115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.269027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2277989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2277989                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758659                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2277973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97131328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4552952000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3795090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92559036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
