
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3620953000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80711                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34239488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   168297                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              291862759                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003621                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3620953000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130178                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191787                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52579                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1432427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3620942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3620942                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616459                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 567534                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        567534                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               988378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              539971                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3323952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1370578     65.64%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51745      2.48%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30648      1.47%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37779      1.81%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109561      5.25%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29214      1.40%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14558      0.70%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80725      3.87%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87347      4.18%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48018      2.30%     94.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104434      5.00%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2087975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1234                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    178203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    178203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         4200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58465.562337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61101.154480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60081.928523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58465.562337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61101.154480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60081.928523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56465.562337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59101.154480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58081.928523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56465.562337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59101.154480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58081.928523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    178203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58465.562337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61101.154480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60081.928523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.803221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.656205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56465.562337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59101.154480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58081.928523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2420.356239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1062.494934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1357.861305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.032425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.041439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.073863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.090515                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             8847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            8847                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58980.049875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58980.049875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58980.049875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58980.049875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56980.049875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56980.049875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56980.049875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56980.049875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58980.049875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58980.049875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56980.049875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56980.049875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.773320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.717569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.773320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1434031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1434031                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       189824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       189824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  189824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15826750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          116416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20273116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32150652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52423768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20273116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20273116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20273116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32150652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52423768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1819.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000564000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6862                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2966                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2966                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      23715750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 79328250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7995.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26745.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2966                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.371002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.720221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    245.642057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           377     40.19%     40.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          363     38.70%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73      7.78%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      3.20%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      2.03%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.85%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.96%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.96%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      5.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  189824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   189824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3615757000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1219068.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       116416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20273115.944890748709                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32150652.052097886801                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1819                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28844250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     50484000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25147.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27753.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3912720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2079660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9710400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         995791710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         551884800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1849186890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.690663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1425359750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2074693250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2784600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1480050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11466840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         376567080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1073337120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1751443290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.696775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2786603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    713450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    180554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43704.826583                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43704.826583                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43738.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43738.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41705.311666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41705.311666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41739.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41739.341085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26551.895587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26551.895587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24551.895587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.895587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137473000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137473000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54682.975338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54682.975338                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132447000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132447000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52683.770883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52683.770883                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.906488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.902867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.906488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248464                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    226871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    226871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58354.341737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51763.793725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54004.046656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58354.341737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51763.793725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54004.046656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56354.341737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49764.514966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52004.522733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56354.341737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49764.514966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52004.522733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4875                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    226871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58354.341737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51763.793725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54004.046656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56354.341737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49764.514966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52004.522733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.246038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.335802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.534362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.375875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.260421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3620953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7064462000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   189157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              339965690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007064                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7064462000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371792                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7064451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7064451                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1690977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2850934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2850934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5393315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2413572                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458210                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2458996     62.56%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   109920      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81865      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3930708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1617                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3676                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    223604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    223604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61905.779889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60828.073993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61905.779889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60828.073993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59905.779889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58828.073993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59905.779889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58828.073993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61905.779889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60828.073993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.654743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.694502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59905.779889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58828.073993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2858.387959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1103.963501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1754.424458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.033690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.053541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.087231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.112183                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            11773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           11773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.833577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.833577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2904689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2904689                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  235264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19678250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          161664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              235264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3676                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10418345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22884121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33302465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10418345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10418345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10418345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22884121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33302465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2526.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000564000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9166                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3676                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3676                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      32072750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                100997750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8724.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27474.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3676                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.491313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.783931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    206.202345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           672     46.70%     46.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          568     39.47%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      5.14%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      2.08%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      1.32%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.56%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.63%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.63%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      3.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  235264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   235264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7055074000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1919225.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       161664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10418344.666586076841                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22884120.545909937471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     72083500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28536.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6483120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3445860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13308960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1817280270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1182412320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3580409010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.819771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3056422500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3772219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3791340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2015145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12937680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         657432300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2159126400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3392781345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.260400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5606235000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1222407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42178.880366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42178.880366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42203.033268                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42203.033268                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40179.206790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40179.206790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40203.359426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40203.359426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24111.663653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24111.663653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     48911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22111.663653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22111.663653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52386.973180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52386.973180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197267000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197267000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50387.484036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50387.484036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.851598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  413992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.466723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.851598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464310                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    285061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    285061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52209.380669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53846.052134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52209.380669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53846.052134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    193760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    193760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50209.898938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51846.429921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50209.898938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51846.429921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201476000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    285061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52209.380669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53846.052134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    193760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50209.898938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51846.429921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.975402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.230617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.143341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.601444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7064462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10507062000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107961                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              377846206                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010507                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10507062000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354910                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10507051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10507051                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2218893                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4053881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4053881                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7462267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3278988                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3546738     61.42%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132384      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115572      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5774379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1849                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4378                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    267818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    267818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62140.024783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61173.595249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62140.024783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61173.595249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    259062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    259062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60140.024783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59173.595249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60140.024783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59173.595249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62140.024783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61173.595249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.801394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.673623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60140.024783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59173.595249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3241.623302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1119.047189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2122.576113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.098926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.133606                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            14457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           14457                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58908.752328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58908.752328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56908.752328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56908.752328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.543398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.543398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4375990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4375990                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  280192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          206592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              280192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7004813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19662204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26667017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7004813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7004813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7004813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19662204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26667017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3228.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11454                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4378                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4378                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39685500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                121773000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9064.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27814.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2541                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4378                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     152.526946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.656072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.112216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           766     41.70%     41.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          872     47.47%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      4.03%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      1.63%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      1.03%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.44%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.49%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.49%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      2.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  280192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   280192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10497688000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2397827.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       206592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7004812.572724897414                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19662204.334570407867                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3228                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     92858750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28766.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6483120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3445860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13308960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1866912450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2462575200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5181874950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.180201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6384102500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    350740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3772219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6633060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3525555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17949960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      829149360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1351360560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2896724160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5105342655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.896310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7515831500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    350740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2640490500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    334420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    334779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41342.563976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41342.563976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41361.378799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41361.378799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    318244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    318593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39342.811225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39342.811225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39361.625896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39361.625896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22649.854862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22649.854862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20649.854862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20649.854862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51002.625164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51002.625164                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261333000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261333000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49003.000188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49003.000188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.210807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.252265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.210807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    340013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    340013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53500.521594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54594.251766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53500.521594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54594.251766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    327559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    327559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51500.938869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52594.572897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51500.938869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52594.572897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58247.386760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53500.521594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54594.251766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56247.386760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51500.938869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52594.572897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.949339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.486044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.425052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.038243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10507062000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13945633000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113968                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   216908                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397272904                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000620                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013946                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13945633000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5842986                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13945622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13945622                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2746550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       339908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5255031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5255031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9528243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4143379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4633843     60.86%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154907      2.03%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149356      1.96%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7614263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2167                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5083                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    314084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    314084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62764.810577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61791.068267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62764.810577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61791.068267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    303918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    303918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60764.810577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59791.068267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60764.810577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59791.068267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62764.810577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61791.068267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.799166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60764.810577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59791.068267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3609.128617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1126.679216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2482.449402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.075758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.110142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.155121                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58809.907121                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58809.907121                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58809.907121                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58809.907121                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56809.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56809.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56809.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56809.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58809.907121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58809.907121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56809.907121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56809.907121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.902552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                149.672794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.902552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5844601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5844601                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  325312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           27286500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              325312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5277638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18049521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23327159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5277638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5277638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5277638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18049521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23327159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3933.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13748                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5083                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49167250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    25415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                144473500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9672.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28422.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2744                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     139.081659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    105.942034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.830460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1067     45.62%     45.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1073     45.87%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      3.16%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      1.28%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      0.81%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.34%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.38%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.38%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      2.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  325312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   325312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13941045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2742680.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       251712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5277637.809628290124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18049521.308928750455                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3933                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    115559250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29381.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9367680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4979040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17450160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1100820240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2800315380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2996963040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6929895540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.922265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7764105000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5715868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7332780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3897465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18842460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1100820240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1575039390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4028774400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6734706735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.925855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10456418750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3023554250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    412737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41092.891278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41092.891278                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41108.169967                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41108.169967                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    392651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39093.090402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39093.090402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39108.368992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39108.368992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21792.998478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21792.998478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19792.998478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19792.998478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    341147000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50472.998964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50472.998964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    327631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48473.294866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48473.294866                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.898537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.419833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.898537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895630                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    398168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    398168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58121.612231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54117.515485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54912.150048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58121.612231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54117.515485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54912.150048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    383668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    383668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56121.612231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52117.859601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52912.425872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56121.612231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52117.859601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52912.425872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58121.612231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54117.515485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54912.150048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56121.612231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52117.859601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52912.425872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.948110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.833207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.079782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   434.035121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.847725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13945633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17392482000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119026                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              413826855                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017392                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17392482000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      912086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7315960                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17392471                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17392471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2504129                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418756                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3982018                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3982018                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6958999                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3819690                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6460166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6460166                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11601202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5010585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      912080                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099892                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187812                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5723758     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369419      3.91%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210278      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262309      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784509      8.29%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208885      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104282      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577847      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177516      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183251      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734564      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9460122                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2476                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5788                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    358980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    358980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.269082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62021.423635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.269082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62021.423635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.269082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60021.423635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.269082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60021.423635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    47                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.269082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62021.423635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282474000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.681057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.269082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60021.423635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3968.049053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 54                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               47                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.148936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1128.906549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2839.142504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.086644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.121095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.175201                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.120045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.120045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7317590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7317590                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  370432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5788000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31107500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          296832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              370432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4231713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17066684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21298398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4231713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4231713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4231713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17066684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21298398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4638.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16042                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5788                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5788                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      57283500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                165808500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9896.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28646.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2965                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5788                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     131.219270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.590335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    152.500564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1330     47.11%     47.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1294     45.84%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      2.62%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      1.06%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      0.67%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.28%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.32%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.32%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      1.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  370432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   370432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17383108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3003301.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       296832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4231713.449523765594                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17066684.329470630735                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4638                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    136894250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29515.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11609640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6170670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1372491120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3538270440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3699117120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8648286450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.242800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9582230000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    580580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7229672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8546580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4542615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20698860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1372491120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1905798420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5073830400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8385907995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.157060                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13169512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    580580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3642389500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    488624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    488983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40943.857885                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40943.857885                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40956.780300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40956.780300                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38944.025473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38944.025473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38956.947818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38956.947818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11682                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21189.231987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21189.231987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19189.231987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19189.231987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408338000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    408338000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50133.578883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50133.578883                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    392050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48133.824432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48133.824432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.315006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.724790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.315006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111766                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    454836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    454836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54471.296432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55031.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54471.296432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55031.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357384000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357384000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52471.590075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53031.820932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52471.590075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53031.820932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10631                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    454836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54471.296432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55031.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357384000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52471.590075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53031.820932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.552934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.926724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.552104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.115354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.885476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32780                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17392482000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20823390000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121748                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              422521614                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020823                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20823390000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091762                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8783068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20823379                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20823379                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3802292                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974525                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448923                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638182                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128659                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7659524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7659524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13663934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5873455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313178                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221422                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6808642     60.26%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448791      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255078      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318309      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952981      8.43%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253687      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126678      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702011      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   199916      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216861      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891840      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11298298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2708                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6488                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    402118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    402118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62736.605470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61978.729963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62736.605470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61978.729963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60736.605470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59978.729963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60736.605470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59978.729963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    59                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         9196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62736.605470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61978.729963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.790922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.689486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60736.605470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59978.729963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4316.535229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 66                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               59                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.118644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1125.015799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3191.519430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.097397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.131730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196198                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            22723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           22723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58445.398773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58445.398773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56445.398773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56445.398773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.265028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.265028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8784698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8784698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  415232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          341632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              415232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3534487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16406166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19940653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3534487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3534487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3534487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16406166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19940653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5338.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18324                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      63928000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                185578000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9853.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28603.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3289                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     129.800563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.113939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.508155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1382     43.20%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1618     50.58%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      2.31%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      0.94%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      0.59%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.25%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.28%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.28%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      1.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  415232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   415232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20814016000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3208078.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       341632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3534486.939926688094                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16406166.335068400949                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5338                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    156663750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29348.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     50.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11609640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6170670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20627460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1643547360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3587790330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4974884640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10244630100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.977056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12898478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    695240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7229672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11231220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5969535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25696860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1643547360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2601611100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5805351360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10093407435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.714902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15063380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    695240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5064769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    562558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    562917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40673.703998                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40673.703998                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40684.952298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40684.952298                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    534898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    535247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38673.848601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38673.848601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38685.096849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38685.096849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20626.355874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20626.355874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18626.355874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18626.355874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    473184000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49819.330385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49819.330385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    454190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47819.540956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47819.540956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.592629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.976876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.592629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1326939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1326939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    508690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    508690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54869.947049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55310.427313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54869.947049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55310.427313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52870.205347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53310.644775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52870.205347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53310.644775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    508690000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.121045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54869.947049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55310.427313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    490298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55656.121045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52870.205347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53310.644775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.956118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.984584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.061217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    15.992291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.902610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.888482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          304                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1488320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1592640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20823390000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24267854000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124483                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34240148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233682                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              431560915                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24267854000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271659                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24267854                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24267854                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4330684                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446460                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5687183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5687183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9940906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15732646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6739003                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271653                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255247                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18801      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897220     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527928      4.02%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299980      2.28%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374433      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121529      8.53%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298602      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149098      1.13%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             825987      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222461      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250685      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049192      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140664                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3059                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7194                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    448386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    448386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63063.534083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62327.773144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63063.534083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62327.773144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61063.534083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60327.773144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61063.534083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60327.773144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    92                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58460.869565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63063.534083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62327.773144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.788211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.687287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56460.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61063.534083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60327.773144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4663.238126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.555324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1118.248756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3544.989369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.108184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.142311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.216736                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58324.770642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58324.770642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58324.770642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58324.770642                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56324.770642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56324.770642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56324.770642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56324.770642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1380                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58324.770642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58324.770642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56324.770642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56324.770642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.369346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6271.357798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.369346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255305                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  460416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          386816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              460416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3032819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15939440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               18972259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3032819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3032819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3032819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15939440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              18972259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20620                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73360000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                208247500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10197.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28947.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     124.419459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.272406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    134.625680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1679     45.38%     45.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1822     49.24%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      2.00%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      0.81%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           19      0.51%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.22%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.24%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.24%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  460416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   460416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         18.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      18.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24263005000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3372672.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       386816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3032818.641483503394                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15939439.886196777225                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6044                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    179333250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25142.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29671.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     48.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14701260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7810110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25161360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4609404180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5437252800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12009547950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.874740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14090458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9367235250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11723880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6231390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26203800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2773229550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6983505120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11716111980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.783190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18124429000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5333265000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    642418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    642777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40449.439617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40449.439617                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40459.306351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40459.306351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    610654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    611003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38449.439617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38449.439617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38459.306351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38459.306351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20225.943971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20225.943971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18225.943971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18225.943971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    542785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49542.259949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49542.259949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47542.259949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47542.259949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.792385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.104551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.792385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542700                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    567287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    567287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.585150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57503.084304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54968.160109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55328.879352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57503.084304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54968.160109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55328.879352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    546781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55503.084304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52968.160109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53328.879352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55503.084304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52968.160109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53328.879352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    483390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    567287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57503.084304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54968.160109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55328.879352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55503.084304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52968.160109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53328.879352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.246217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.049271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.476427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.852492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.917298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1713408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1818048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24267854000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
