
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4329884000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94479                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183103                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              409055237                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4329884000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4329883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4329883                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243643                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              593689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17419                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17419                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26627                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14825                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21737                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1919718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1919718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3784169                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557459                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211557                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156390                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7175      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1527270     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10924      0.56%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11235      0.58%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1079      0.06%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2482      0.13%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9995      0.52%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209119     10.79%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  156238      8.06%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2438      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6246                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    282536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    282536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61724.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63773.672055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63519.784173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61724.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63773.672055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63519.784173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               21                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59724.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61773.672055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61519.784173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59724.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61773.672055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61519.784173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   243                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    282536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61724.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63773.672055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63519.784173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.893398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59724.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61773.672055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61519.784173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3892                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2438.156944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.530864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.655260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   417.547654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2019.954031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.257874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19054                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19054                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338774                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29131                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    496810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    496810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17054.340737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17054.340737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17054.340737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17054.340737                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15054.340737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15054.340737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15054.340737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15054.340737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28914                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17054.340737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17054.340737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    438548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15054.340737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15054.340737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.420906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  662856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 22.925088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.420906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1397036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1397036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       286016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       286016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  286016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24090750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           35264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              284672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          35264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8144329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57601543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               65745872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8144329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8144329                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          310401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                310401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          310401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8144329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57601543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              66056273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        18.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       551.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3895.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000572000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10025                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       10.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      50558750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                133921250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11371.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30121.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1749                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  39.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    21                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     105.519288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.345929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     89.227368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1625     60.27%     60.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          897     33.27%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          135      5.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      0.56%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.19%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.22%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.04%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.11%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  284544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   284672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      65.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4329443000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      968772.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        35264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       249280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8144329.039761804044                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57571981.143143787980                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          551                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3897                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           21                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15630750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118290500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28367.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30354.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10038840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5331975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17171700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1070984400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         760794240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2206060995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.496558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1965709250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2219614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9217740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4899345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14572740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         974525010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         842023200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2186977875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.089253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2177535750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2007788250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361385                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6560                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54374.542683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54374.542683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54374.542683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54374.542683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52374.542683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52374.542683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52374.542683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52374.542683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6304                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     63827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35637.632607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35637.632607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33637.632607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33637.632607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292870000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    292870000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030515                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61411.197316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61411.197316                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283332000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030515                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59411.197316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59411.197316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.418823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  356926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.618972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.418823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374505                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115224000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    412662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    412662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18197.094125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68188.445667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38588.180288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18197.094125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68188.445667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38588.180288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3893                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    391274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    391274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16197.094125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66188.445667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36588.180288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16197.094125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66188.445667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36588.180288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13237                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    115224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18197.094125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68188.445667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38588.180288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16197.094125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66188.445667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36588.180288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.537630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.918637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.942240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    55.792824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.802565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.378793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.108970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.480083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.967847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54553                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35691                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1864384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2611456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4329884000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8604870000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102739                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199079                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              441971535                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3875920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8604870000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000223                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3875920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423371                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312352                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8604856                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8604856                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488239                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187430                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370446                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34225                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34225                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52275                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29269                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43321                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839425                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7568738                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115446                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735520                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312352                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14285      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3054684     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21964      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22554      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2159      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4844      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19917      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418368     10.79%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312200      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4800      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3876081                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11414                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          944                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12358                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8091                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    519222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    519222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        20449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        20449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62696.458685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64289.543878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.784575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62696.458685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64289.543878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.784575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           46                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               46                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60696.458685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62289.543878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.784575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60696.458685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62289.543878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.784575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   539                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    519222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        20449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62696.458685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64289.543878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.784575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    503040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.049388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.888178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60696.458685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62289.543878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62172.784575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4168.960388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.270872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.361164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   332.867240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3834.731984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.234053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.254453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.463196                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678645                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678645                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              57996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57996                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             57996                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    957173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    957173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16504.120974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16504.120974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16504.120974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16504.120974                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    841183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    841183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14504.155459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14504.155459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14504.155459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14504.155459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57778                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         57996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             57996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    957173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16504.120974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16504.120974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    841183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    841183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14504.155459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14504.155459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.205416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1362356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.579148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.205416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2794636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2794636                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           46                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       520768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       520768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  520768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8321000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          479872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              517824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8091                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  46                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4410526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55767490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60178015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4410526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4410526                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          342132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                342132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          342132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4410526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55767490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60520147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        43.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       593.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.014550594500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18434                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  17                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8091                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          46                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8091                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        46                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      97105750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                248774500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12004.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30754.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2767                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       14                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  34.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 32.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8091                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    46                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      97.417950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     86.023827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     70.963912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3429     64.38%     64.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1641     30.81%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          216      4.06%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.30%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.09%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.11%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.06%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            7689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean           7689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  517696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   517824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8602451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1057201.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       479744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4410525.667441808619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55752614.507831029594                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 133877.676246125746                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          593                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7498                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           46                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     17392000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    231382500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  82558768000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29328.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30859.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1794755826.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     34.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18749640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9965670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28574280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               31320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      679177200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2063116140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1566909120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4366523370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.447918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4050065250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    287300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4267504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19278000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10246500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29181180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               62640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      679177200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2026769520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1597516800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4362231840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.949186                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4129887000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    287300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4187683000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722746                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722746                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12816                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12816                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    693277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    693277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    693277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54094.647316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54094.647316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54094.647316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54094.647316                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10257                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    667645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    667645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    667645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52094.647316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52094.647316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52094.647316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52094.647316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12560                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          419931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              419931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116224000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33795.870893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33795.870893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    109346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31795.870893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31795.870893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    577053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    577053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030036                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61539.191639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61539.191639                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558299000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59539.191639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59539.191639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.682038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.034236                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.682038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748378                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50362                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    768877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    768877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15996.335776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68324.212272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37597.897311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15996.335776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68324.212272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37597.897311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    727979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    727979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13996.502332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66324.212272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35597.995110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13996.502332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66324.212272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35597.995110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26137                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    768877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15996.335776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68324.212272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37597.897311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    168070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    727979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13996.502332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66324.212272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35597.995110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10257                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.716301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.988331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.358535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.861186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.496580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70812                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70811                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       115991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1476672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3711680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           289975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8604870000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12872111000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106694                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206731                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457784487                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5812896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012872                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12872111000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            715782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5812896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      635038                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            24                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      468219                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           435                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4104801                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12872100                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12872100                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3732206                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1780932                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       555630                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  51016                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         51016                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                77900                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43700                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5758355                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5758355                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11351851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4672884                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      634735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1102954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     468219                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21393      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4581455     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33011      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     33873      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3238      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7204      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   29830      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   627575     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  468067      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7160      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5813112                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    25                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        17027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        17027                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1424                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18451                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11680                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    748877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    748877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.276771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64167.705229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64116.181507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.276771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64167.705229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64116.181507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               55                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    725517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    725517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.276771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62167.705229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62116.181507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.276771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62167.705229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62116.181507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   625                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        17027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    748877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.276771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64167.705229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64116.181507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    688383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    725517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.886053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.276771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62167.705229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62116.181507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5879.940838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            12.977600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.102209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.641965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5623.196664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.015603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.343213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.358883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2671                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.677368                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4017953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4017953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4017953                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4017953                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          86848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              86848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         86848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             86848                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1415222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1415222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4104801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4104801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16295.389646                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16295.389646                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16295.389646                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16295.389646                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1241528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1241528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.412675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14295.412675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.412675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14295.412675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      86630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4017953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4017953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         86848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             86848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1415222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1415222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4104801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4104801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16295.389646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16295.389646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1241528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.412675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14295.412675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.468829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2061057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 86630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.791493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.468829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4191648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4191648                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       751040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       751040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  751040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           63406000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           38848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          708672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              747520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        38848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          38848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            55                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  55                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3017998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55054839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               58072837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3017998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3017998                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          273459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                273459                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          273459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3017998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55054839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58346296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        51.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       607.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11070.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.019086378500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26715                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  34                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11680                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          55                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        55                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     139517250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                358461000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11948.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30698.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3900                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       24                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  33.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 47.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    55                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      96.242393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.437648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     65.531299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5092     65.37%     65.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2286     29.35%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          371      4.76%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      0.21%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.06%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.08%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.04%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            5015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    4242.634677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3781.607066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  747328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   747520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         58.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      58.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12869394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1096667.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        38848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       708480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3017997.591847988311                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55039923.133043214679                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 178991.619944855978                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          607                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11073                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           55                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18091750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    340369250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 182940077000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29805.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30738.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 3326183218.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     33.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27874560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14815680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41554800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1015999920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3095137620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2336459040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6531935580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.448668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6038939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    429780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6403391250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27738900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14743575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41818980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1015999920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3007589040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2410184160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6518168535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.379143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6231621250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    429780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6210709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1083878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1083878                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19163                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19163                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1026140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1026140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1103041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1103041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1103041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1103041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53547.983092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53547.983092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53547.983092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53547.983092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15511                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15511                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    987814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    987814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    987814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51547.983092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51547.983092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51547.983092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51547.983092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18907                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          629951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              629951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       635037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          635037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32565.670468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32565.670468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30565.670468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30565.670468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         453927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             453927                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14077                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    860511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    860511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         468004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030079                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61128.862684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61128.862684                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14077                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832357000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    832357000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030079                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59128.862684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59128.862684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.113488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1092418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.778495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.113488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1122204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1122204                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           69213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          69213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75879                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1117220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1117220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          106011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         106011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.961724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68083.860126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37077.525554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.961724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68083.860126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37077.525554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13105.075135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66083.860126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35077.591929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13105.075135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66083.860126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35077.591929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38904                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          69213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1117220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        86848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         106011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.961724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68083.860126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37077.525554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    231108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    825850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13105.075135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66083.860126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35077.591929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.462435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.006169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.122771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.002835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.336829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.080084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.494798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               160938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              160938                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               106011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              106010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15511                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        53837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       173695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  227532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2219136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5558208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7777344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           434235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            183566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12872111000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17144585000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110470                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214054                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              473482886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7750769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17144585000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            954546                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7750769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      846726                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            26                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      624091                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           547                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5473296                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17144574                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17144574                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4977198                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2374729                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       741012                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  67807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         67807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               103525                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               58131                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       86465                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7678102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7678102                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15137365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6231667                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      846323                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1470414                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     624091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28582      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6108696     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    44051      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     45520      0.59%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4317      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     9564      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   39743      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   836803     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  623939      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                9520      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7751041                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        22829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        22829                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1897                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24726                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15291                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    984040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    984040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64403.297227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64354.195278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64403.297227                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64354.195278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          308                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              308                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    953458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    953458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62403.297227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62354.195278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62403.297227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62354.195278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1064                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        22829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     38664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    984040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63176.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64403.297227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64354.195278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61176.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62403.297227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62354.195278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16768                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16768                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16768                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16768                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7603.629945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.774436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.490266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   213.416619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7388.723060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.464089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.873779                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            72165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           72165                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5357594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5357594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5357594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5357594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115702                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115702                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1873184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1873184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1873184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1873184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5473296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5473296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16189.728786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16189.728786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16189.728786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16189.728786                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1641782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1641782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1641782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1641782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14189.746072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14189.746072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14189.746072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14189.746072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     115484                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5357594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5357594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1873184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1873184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5473296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5473296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16189.728786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16189.728786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1641782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1641782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14189.746072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14189.746072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.601198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2760020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                115484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.899588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.601198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5588997                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5588997                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       998336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       998336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  998336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           83054750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          939456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              978624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        19712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            19712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2284570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54796077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57080647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2284570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2284570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1149751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1149751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1149751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2284570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54796077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              58230398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       294.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       612.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14669.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.020109880250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                35263                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 255                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         308                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       308                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     186412500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                472931250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12198.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30948.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4924                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      206                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  32.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   308                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      95.508543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     84.872865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     65.694412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6878     66.02%     66.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3020     28.99%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          466      4.47%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      0.18%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      0.06%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.10%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.03%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.04%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      953.562500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     175.516967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2080.752459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             12     75.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      6.25%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.937500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.910045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.997914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.25%     56.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     43.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  977984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    17344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   978624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 19712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17141326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1098873.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       938816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        17344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2284569.734408852644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54758747.441247485578                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1011631.369321567123                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          612                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14679                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          308                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18240500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    454690750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 332622689750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29804.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30975.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1079943797.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     32.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37870560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20117295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55720560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              986580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1352822640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4084110990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3144269280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8695897905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.209589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8127488250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    572260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8444836750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              36542520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19419015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53385780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1352822640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3942412410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3263594400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8668604805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.617652                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8439119500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    572260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8133205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1445175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1445175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1445175                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1445175                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          25370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              25370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25370                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25370                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1363304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1363304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1363304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1470545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1470545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1470545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1470545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53736.854553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53736.854553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53736.854553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53736.854553                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20599                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         25370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1312564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1312564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1312564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1312564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51736.854553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51736.854553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51736.854553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51736.854553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25114                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          839952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              839952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       846725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          846725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32270.338107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32270.338107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30270.338107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30270.338107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1144737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       623820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         623820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61554.928214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61554.928214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1107543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1107543000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029811                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029811                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59554.928214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59554.928214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.832814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1448199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.665008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.832814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1495915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1495915                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              101054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          92260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             101054                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1131506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1473679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1131506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1473679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          141072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         141072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14596.578790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68261.703668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36825.403568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14596.578790                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68261.703668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36825.403568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16768                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12596.664107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66261.703668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34825.453546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12596.664107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66261.703668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34825.453546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51735                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          92260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             101054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    342173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1131506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1473679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         141072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14596.578790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68261.703668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36825.403568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    295291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12596.664107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66261.703668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34825.453546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20599                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.842410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 159454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.082130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   211.337242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    39.175010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   257.330158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.412768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.076514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.502598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               213918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              213918                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               141072                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              141071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       231403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  302742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2942016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7404864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           578505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            244067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17144585000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21437363000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34207892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485413374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000902                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9690156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021437                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21437363000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1193108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9690156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1058918                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            28                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      780303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6842771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21437352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21437352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6221168                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2968398                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       926062                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84613                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84613                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               129173                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72575                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9599337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9599337                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18927250                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7791881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1058414                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1838717                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     780303                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35789      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7636521     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55128      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57188      0.59%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5397      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11926      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49665      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1046532     10.80%     91.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  780151      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11882      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9690485                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    26                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28669                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2375                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31044                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19011                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1231896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1231896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.738318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64833.904949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64799.116301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.738318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64833.904949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64799.116301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2164                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2164                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.738318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62833.904949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62799.116301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.738318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62833.904949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62799.116301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3054                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31044                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1190934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1231896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.738318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64833.904949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64799.116301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.738318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62833.904949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62799.116301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9161.449022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              27356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.957433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.083110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   186.625142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8969.740771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.559170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.985291                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90320                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90320                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6698151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6698151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6698151                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6698151                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         144620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             144620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        144620                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            144620                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2334292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2334292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2334292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2334292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6842771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6842771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16140.865717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.865717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16140.865717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.865717                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        144620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       144620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2045054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2045054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14140.879546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14140.879546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14140.879546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14140.879546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     144402                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6698151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6698151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        144620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            144620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2334292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2334292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6842771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6842771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16140.865717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.865717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       144620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2045054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2045054000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14140.879546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14140.879546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.681057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3419730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                144402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.682013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.681057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6987390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6987390                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        40186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1355200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1355200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1355200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            29831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          103321250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           41088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1175616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1216704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          41088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       138496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           138496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1916654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54839581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56756234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1916654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1916654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6460496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6460496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6460496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1916654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54839581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63216731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2146.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18355.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.020109880250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           125                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           125                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                45585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2002                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19011                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2164                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     240203000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    94985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                596396750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12644.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31394.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1560                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19011                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2164                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      99.057444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.474705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     85.515191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9061     66.39%     66.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3861     28.29%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          562      4.12%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      0.28%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      0.17%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.18%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.21%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.18%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      151.960000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.828311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     786.867210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            121     96.80%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.80%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.80%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.80%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.80%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.016000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.988732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.967071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                56     44.80%     44.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      9.60%     54.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                56     44.80%     99.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1215808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   136128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1216704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                138496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         56.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      56.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21430489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1012065.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        41088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1174720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       136128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1916653.648118940648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54797784.596920803189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6350034.750076303259                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          642                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2164                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19532250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    576864500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 436002081750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30424.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31404.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 201479705.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     35.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              49951440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              26549820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             68915280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6462360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1692103920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5132709780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3909665760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10886358360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.821711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10105655000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    715780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10615928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              47495280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25244340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66723300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4640580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1692103920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4996736280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4024169760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10857113460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.457509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10404375500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    715780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10317207500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1807123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1807123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1807123                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1807123                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          31769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              31769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         31769                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             31769                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1714265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1714265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1714265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1714265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1838892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1838892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1838892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1838892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53960.307218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53960.307218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53960.307218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53960.307218                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           25824                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 25824                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1650727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1650727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1650727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1650727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51960.307218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51960.307218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51960.307218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51960.307218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31513                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1050414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1050414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1058917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1058917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32783.135364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32783.135364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30783.135364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30783.135364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         756709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             756709                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435510000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1435510000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       779975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         779975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61699.905441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61699.905441                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1388978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029829                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029829                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59699.905441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59699.905441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.266788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1830085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.073969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.266788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1870661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1870661                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          115308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              126333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         115308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             126333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1423868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1844589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1423868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1844589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.283782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.283782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14353.200055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68639.992287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36850.507432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14353.200055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68639.992287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36850.507432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21068                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1382380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1744479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1382380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1744479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12353.268286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66639.992287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34850.547387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12353.268286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66639.992287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34850.547387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64758                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         115308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             126333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    420721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1423868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1844589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       144620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.283782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14353.200055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68639.992287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36850.507432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    362099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1382380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1744479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.652964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12353.268286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66639.992287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34850.547387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25824                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25824                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.674957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.096328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.442447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.866367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.366143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.411020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               267483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              267483                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176389                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176388                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         25824                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        89362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       289239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  378601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3685952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9255616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12941568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           723095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            305509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           158845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21437363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21713404000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112909                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34208676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218784                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484238045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5062851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9810330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21713404000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1207866                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5062851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9810330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1072129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      790034                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           671                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6927512                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21713404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               21713403.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6297943                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005033                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       937479                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  85702                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         85702                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130850                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               73510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      109461                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9718335                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9718335                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19161938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7888405                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1071617                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1861651                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     790034                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36229      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7731094     78.80%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    55797      0.57%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     57888      0.59%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5464      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      150      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12088      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   50288      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1059581     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  789882      8.05%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12036      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9810663                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    33                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        29005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        29005                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2408                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31413                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19375                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1208853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1255648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1208853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1255648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64102.739726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64835.237329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64807.638710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64102.739726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64835.237329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64807.638710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2461                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2461                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1216898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1216898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62102.739726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62835.237329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62807.638710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62102.739726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62835.237329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62807.638710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3393                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        29005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1208853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1255648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64102.739726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64835.237329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64807.638710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1216898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62102.739726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62835.237329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62807.638710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21414                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21414                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9250.520209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              72202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.688103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.345778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   185.040127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9060.134304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.552987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.564607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987793                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            91779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           91779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6781049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6781049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6781049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6781049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         146463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             146463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        146463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            146463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2369413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2369413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2369413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2369413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6927512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6927512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6927512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6927512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16177.553375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16177.553375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16177.553375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16177.553375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        146463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       146463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2076487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2076487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14177.553375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14177.553375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14177.553375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14177.553375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     146240                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6781049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6781049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        146463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            146463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2369413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2369413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6927512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6927512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16177.553375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16177.553375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       146463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2076487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2076487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14177.553375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14177.553375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.685654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6927512                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                146463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.298717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.685654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7073975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7073975                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        41211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        41211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  41211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1397504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1397504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1397504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105294000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           46720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1193280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1240000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        46720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          46720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       157504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           157504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            18645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2151666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           54955916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               57107582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2151666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2151666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7253768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7253768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7253768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2151666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          54955916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64361350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       730.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     18630.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.020109880250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           142                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           142                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                46665                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2270                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19375                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2461                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19375                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2461                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     244994000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    96800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                607994000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12654.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31404.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6068                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19375                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2461                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      99.698216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     85.732891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     86.992154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9251     66.28%     66.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3936     28.20%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          591      4.23%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      0.30%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      0.19%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.21%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.20%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      136.211268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      35.905224                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     739.153060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            138     97.18%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.70%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.70%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.70%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      0.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.985915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.958607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.967456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                66     46.48%     46.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                13      9.15%     55.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                62     43.66%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1239040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   154368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1240000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                157504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         57.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21713373000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      994384.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        46720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1192320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       154368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2151666.316345424391                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54911703.388377062976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7109341.308253648691                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        18645                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2461                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22427500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    585566500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 442660014250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30722.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31406.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 179869977.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     35.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              51136680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27160815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             70107660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7067880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1713616320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5193469500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3964499520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11027058375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.845678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10247488250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    724880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10741035750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              48587700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25806000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68122740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5522760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1713616320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5065331220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4072405440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10999392180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.571525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10528912750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    724880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10459611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1829610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1829610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1829610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1829610                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32220                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32220                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1739639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1739639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1739639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1739639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1861830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1861830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1861830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1861830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53992.520174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53992.520174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53992.520174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53992.520174                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           26201                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 26201                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1675199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1675199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51992.520174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51992.520174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51992.520174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51992.520174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31964                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1063480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1063480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1072128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1072128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33101.295097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33101.295097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31101.295097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31101.295097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         766130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             766130                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        23572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            23572                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1453379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1453379000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       789702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         789702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.029849                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61657.008315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61657.008315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59657.008315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59657.008315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.288822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1861830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.784916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.288822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1894050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1894050                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          116728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              127895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         116728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             127895                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         21053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50788                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1877142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1877142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          178683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         178683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.284235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14524.634269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68648.268655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36960.344963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14524.634269                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68648.268655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36960.344963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21414                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21414                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12524.634269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66648.268655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34960.344963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12524.634269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66648.268655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34960.344963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65700                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         116728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             127895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    431890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1877142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       146463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         178683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.284235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14524.634269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68648.268655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36960.344963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    372420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1775566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12524.634269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66648.268655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34960.344963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        26201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        26201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.717228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 204884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.094364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   210.320875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    37.827059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   260.569293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.410783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.508924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271096                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               178683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              178683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         26201                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        90641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       292926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  383567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3738944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9373632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13112576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           732315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            309688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           161100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21713404000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
